{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-08-18 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41723","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6301,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5516398.json","updb_database_id":5516398}
3 Glowing Orange orbs in triangle formation, hovered above us, then flew off towards foulness island direction following the direction of the river Thames

It was August 18th 2004, me and some friends from school were celebrating our friend Joshs 16th birthday. We were all around 16 at the time.

I will try and describe this as if I were there now... It was a long time ago this happened and the thing that motivated me to post this report was that I saw another report of the same thing (3 orange orbs in a triangle formation) in a town called Gravesend, which is also beside the river Thames just a few miles away!

It was dark and me and some friends were in the childs play area in chalkwell park, my friend Michael was laying down on a bench on the phone to his girlfriend, I was sitting on this metal bus climbing frame type thing that has a slide coming down from the top. It was dark and must have been around 10pm. We had all been enjoying a few drinks. I was on top of the bus with about 3 or 4 of my friends from school, I was sitting on the metal seat up there. I had started feeling tipsy from the beers I had and as I was enjoying this feeling I relaxed back in my seat, laid back and looked up at the sky.

As I looked up I saw 3 orange orbs in the sky above our heads. They were almost directly above us in terms of position, maybe 500ft or more up in the air but below the clouds. They were just hovering there, in a triangular formation. They had a steady glow, not like a fire where it flickers, but a steady warm orange glow, the colour of the orange was perhaps a shade darker than the orange from most street lights.

The sky that night was patchy with dark grey clouds dotted about, but there were still areas where you could see the sky and the stars.

I immediatly shouted to the others something along the lines of "F***ing hell look up at the sky! LOOK!".

We all watched in astonishment as these objects that were just hovering there in this triangle formation, started moving round and round. Imagine a rotating triangle with the orange orb at each point, this is how they were moving. It was definately 3 seperate objects as you could see the clouds between each object. The objects were spinning around each other for maybe 5 of 10 seconds before moving off heading East following the river Thames, we watched over the next minute as the objects went off one by one, following each other gaining altitude, and eventually disappearing over the top of a cloud in the distance.

I remember feeling utterly amazed at what I had seen, I had always believed in UFOs and now I had really seen one (well three!). My friends were cynical about UFOs whenever I had spoke about them before, but no one could explain what we saw!

The orbs made no sound, they were moving in sync with each other, intelligently controlled. They were not spotlights or a projection because you could see them against the starry sky as well as the cloud. They made no sound at all unlike any plane that I know of, and they were way to low and too small (and round) to be aeroplanes. They werent Chinese lanterns because they moved too fast and too in sync with one another, and there was no flickering light like what you get with Chinese lanterns because of the flame. I have literally tried thinking of everything it could possibly be and its still a mystery to me.

After the sighting I had this feeling inside me, I had this CERTAINTY. I KNEW that if I kept watching the sky I would see them again. I know this sounds strange but somehow I just knew that I would see them again. Maybe it was all the excitement of what had just happened and maybe I wanted that feeling again. Or maybe I just really wanted another glimpse of the unknown.

Me and my friend Josh kept our eyes peeled to the sky, everyone was chatting about what had happened. We were all buzzing about what we had seen! It was a very positive experience and I felt very lucky to have witnessed a UFO.

After about 20 minutes of watching the sky we had a second sighting. The orbs shot across the sky one after the other, from north to south. They were above the clouds this time and going very fast. Each object had a greater distance between each other this time. We saw them only between the gaps in the clouds and there was one bit where they were above plain sky for maybe 2 or 3 seconds. Strangely enough they were almost directly above us again, certainly above the park. They disappeared behind cloud again and after that second sighting, I knew I had witnessed something pretty special. I felt very good all evening and when I got home I couldnt wait to tell my brother and Dad about it. It was reading my Dads paranormal magazines when I was a kid that got me into UFOs.

Back at school days later I talked again with my friends about what they thought we had seen and no one was any the wiser at all. We had by definition certainly seen unidentified flying objects!

Despite me being a believer in UFOs before the incident and my euphoria at actually seeing the orbs, and despite the fact I was a little tipsy, I can say with complete certainty and a straight face, that this did not change the way I perceived the events of that night.

My friends, some of who were completely sober and who used to be cynical about UFOs, will all tell you the same thing about the 3 mysterious flying orbs.

I will try and upload a sketch of what I saw and a map of the area with the flight path of the objects.

If you have seen something similar please add me on Facebook for a chat, [Link removed/cms/tg]
