{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-27 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71246","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4117,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5488398.json","updb_database_id":5488398}
A round white object with many triangular windows all around it by which yellow lights came out as a steam.

Hello! I live in Dominican Republic but i'm from Haiti. Since many years i've been pursuing and haunting by UFO. I've been living different types of events with aliens. It was in 1994 when the first time I saw a flying red light ball came to the treetop of my house in Haiti with a powerful light. All my family was witness of that first event. And while it flew again, struck against something, it made a strange noise and its light turned off and disappeared. And so many amazing things i lived in my life. Four years after, my family moved to another house. When it was like 9:30 PM, i was in the yard of my house listening to the music and observing the stars as usual when suddenly appeared a strange flying object. At first sight i thought that was an airplane. I didn't pay too much attention to it. But when I saw it stayed too much time in the air without moving and silently. That The way i could imagine that wasn't what i thought. It was a round white object with many triangular windows all around it by which i could notice the reflect of yellow lights as a steam. When i said it's not an airplane. It moved with a such speed that it disappeared like lightning. I felt astonished and a little worried about that at the same time. I wondered why they were observing me? And why after being noticed them they had decided to go? Since then I had begun to see different types of aliens in my dreams; giving me pictures of them which I drew in a paper what i had seen in that dream when i've been woken up on that morning. I attached this drawing so that you can see what he looked like. 
In other dream i had too, they would like to take me with them. Nevertheless in 2007 I left Haiti to come to live alone in Dominican Republic and to study medical science; and in 2010, 11 years later the first events that i lived in Haiti, an alien had come to my apartment at 1:00 AM. He was outside of the window with his arm inside of the bathroom. When I saw him he hid a part of his face but his arm was stayed in. I stared at him without fear. He looked a good one. It seems he wanted me to shake hands with him cause his arm was still staying extended till he pulled it out. A few seconds after he left mysteriously. But he was exactly that one i used to see in my dreams before and that i drew in the paper. So after he left i was a little scared. I couldn't even turn off the light to sleep! I couldn't believe that i came to see an alien! I felt so strange! I asked myself who am i to get visited by an alien? So what he wanted from me? In 2014, I had another dream, "I saw Men In Black in Limousine came to my house and look for me. I tried to get away from them and they caught me anyway then they said to me: "You cannot escape from us; you got something inside of you who belongs to us, you are one of us". And then they disappeared". When i woke up on that morning the palm of my right hand was all green color like a leaf of a tree. I washed my hands, nothing! So scared of what was happening to me! I went to some friend's house to show my hand. They couldn't help then worried. Three hours after my right hand was normal without I realized it. The dreams say the truth sometimes. I can't understand this phenomenon! Can i please have any explications in that case? Thank you!
