{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-02-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69191","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":24152,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5490398.json","updb_database_id":5490398}
{cak} craft slowly came toward me, hovered, landed and later took off

I have to say right from the start that growing up from the mid 50s1 through the 70s1, I was fascinated by our countrys1 and the Russians1 space programs, satellites, moon landings, astronauts, astronomy, etc. 

 My early friendships tended to gravitate towards other kids my age that enjoyed going to the movies to watch spaceship, alien and space monster 1B1 movies. A few of us were fortunate enough to have been given telescopes by our parents as Christmas or birthday gifts and spent hours gazing at the moon and stars.

 By the time I was a teenager, I became the type of person who believed that out of all the billions of galaxies and star systems scattered throughout the entire universe, we couldn1t possibly be the only intelligent life forms to exist.
 At the time of the event, I was living in a small rural suburb of Southington, Connecticut for about three years with a woman I1ll hereafter refer to only as my girlfriend, to protect her requested anonymity. 

 I was teaching guitar at a local music studio and supplementing this income by performing in clubs at night during the week and on weekends. On occasion, my girlfriend would accompany me on some of the longer drives and stay to enjoy and support my performances.

 Driving home with my girlfriend on February 6th, 19861 we were headed South on I-91, late one Saturday night after a performing job at the [location removed] . We had just passed the sign for the New London Sub Base when I heard what sounded like a faint, low pitched humming noise. 

 I glanced at my watch and it read 12:08 AM and there was barely any traffic on the highway that night because of a mild snowstorm. 
 I turned off the radio and listened intently. At first, I thought the sound might be coming from my car so I slowed down and moved over into the slow lane. 
My girlfriend asked what I was doing and I asked her if she could hear the humming noise. 

1Yes1 she said, "It's probably just a truck going by in the other lane." I replied, 1I don1t know. I thought it was coming from my car, but now I think it1s coming from outside somewhere1.

  There were working highway light poles on each side of the highway, so there was acceptable visibility. Slowing down a bit more, I looked across the six-lane highway, in front of and behind us and detected no other vehicles in any other lanes. 
 
 I told her so and after looking, she agreed there were no other vehicles on the road but us, as far as the eye could see. I wound down my window so I could hear this humming sound more clearly and try to 
determine its1 location and direction. 

 The humming sound became louder and louder until I finally pulled over and stopped the car. I shut off the motor and we could still hear this low-pitched humming noise. 

 My girlfriend and I both slowly and cautiously exited the car and scanned the immediate area. There were no homes or businesses anywhere within sight; nothing but miles of snow covered woods and brush. 

 The low pitched humming seemed to be emanating from my immediate left and looking up, I saw an unrecognizable large, low flying craft moving towards us that was generating the sound. With the highway pole lights reflecting light off the snow-covered ground and road, I had a relatively good view of the craft.
 The bottom appeared to be glowing white, however as it slowed down and moved closer, the bottom gradually lost its1 glow and became darker.

 It appeared to have a shallow, bowl shaped bottom and must have been close to 100 feet in diameter from the barely discernible edges. I quickly walked to my left about twenty feet to see if I could make out the point of the edge and again twenty plus feet to my right. 

 The craft seemed to be metallic with a dull, dark black flat finish that did not reflect any light. It seemed to be absorbing any light around it and appeared to be coated with something similar to Teflon. 

 This large craft was flying overhead very slowly, perhaps five miles per hour and low, maybe only forty-five feet above us. However, it was consistently dropping in altitude as it came closer to being directly overhead. It was moving East to West.

 The humming sound was loudest as it came directly over me and I strained to try and make out an exact overall shape from the edges, but it was too close, large and dark against the night sky. At best, I would say it was not perfectly round, but elliptical or oval.

 I could clearly see in the exact center bottom of the craft, a quadruple arrangement of large, ringed tubes at diagonal angles to one another, set inside a square grid. There were no other visible seams, rivets, hatches, landing struts, lights and/or protuberances of any kind. 

 As the strange, dark craft reached directly over me, my clothes clung slightly to my body and the hair on my body stood up a bit like a static electric charge was passing through me or I was in a low gravity field. 

 My girlfriend, who never left the front area of the car, panicked and yelled, "Let1s get back in the car and get the hell out of here!" 
 I replied grinning, 1What? This is so cool! It1s a flying saucer!1 

 She denied seeing anything and ran back into the car. She slammed the door shut, locked it and rolled up the window. I studied the craft a bit more, but then became a bit nervous myself and started back to the car when she rolled down the window and yelled, 1What the hell are you doing? This could be dangerous. Let1s go!1

 The next thing I remember is suddenly being in a moderately lighted room inside the craft, standing in some sort of cylindrical depression in the floor, about as deep as my waist and maybe about six feet in diameter. 

 There were two humanoid shaped alien beings looking down at me from the upper level. One was standing and the other was sitting to his right in some sort of shinny, bright metallic chair with squared edges.

 Behind them was a large square control panel and to the right of me and the left of them on the upper level, was another control panel about the same size. They both had a dull grey surface with an array of different colored lights, buttons and knobs of varying sizes scattered across the front. 

 The panels were slightly taller than the beings. The alien beings appeared to have two arms and legs, but I couldn1t be sure about the legs since they were wearing long seamless silvery metallic robes, which were touching the floor. 

 They were also wearing some type of full face shields or masks that appeared to be metallic with large, eye-shaped dark colored plastic lenses and/or panels and gloves over what looked like hands. 

 It was hard to tell how tall they were because I was in a depression in the floor and they were above me, but I1d guess the standing one was about six feet. 

 In retrospect, I think the aliens were costumed and the room I was in was an elaborately staged area to make me feel at ease in technologically familiar surroundings. There was basically no body motion of any kind from either of them.

 They conversed with me, but I1m not sure if they were actually talking, because they were wearing the masks. Upon my initial encounter with the beings I was quite amazed, thrilled and excited, but when I regained my composure and became more alert, a thousand questions flooded my mind. 
 I had difficulty thinking clearly, but did fire a quick volley of questions at them, a few of which they answered.
 
1Where do you come from? How long did it take to get here? What kind of propulsion system do you use? Did you come from a mother ship? What type of power supply do you use, cold fusion?1

 The alien standing replied that I wouldn1t understand their propulsion or power systems. I replied, 1try me!1 They both ignored my reply. I asked if they drink water as H2O and they nodded yes. I then asked if they breathe oxygen air as I do and again they nodded their heads yes.

 One of the aliens said, 1Why are you asking so many questions?1 I replied, 1Are you kidding me? This is the opportunity of a lifetime; meeting intelligent beings from another planet!1 The other alien asked, 1What makes you think we1re from another planet?1 
 I was surprised but replied, 1We don1t have this level of technology on this planet.1 I must have appeared confused; because the other being made some sort of guttural sound that I perceived as a laugh and said, 1We are just kidding you. We are from another planet.1 

 I laughed nervously and said, 1That1s amazing! You guys have a sense of humor!1 One of them replied, 1Why would we not?1 I responded, 1Well you look like very serious intelligent, advanced beings.1 

 Wanting to avoid any insulting situation, I quickly asked again where they were from and mentioned several close star systems in this galaxy like Sirius and Orion, but they didn1t understand our names. 

 One of them merely pointed in what would be at that location, a North West upward approximately 65 degree angle direction, during mid-winter in New London, Connecticut.
 The being that was sitting asked me,1 Why are you 
not afraid?1 It was at that moment that I suddenly became quite scared and felt helpless like a bug in jar. 

 I began to panic and probably because of all the science fiction movies I've watched, thought they might be malevolent, cannibalistic and/or scientists collecting specimens. My self-preservation instincts kicked in along with some well-deserved paranoia. 

 Warily I asked, 1Should I be? Are you going to kill me, dissect me or eat me?1 The other alien made some sort of guttural sound that I sincerely hoped was a laugh and said, 1No, we are vegetarians.1 
I felt greatly relieved and believed that they both were able to sense my relief. 

 The alien standing asked me if I was a vegetarian and I replied, 1No, but there are a large number of beings and religious cultures on this planet that are vegetarians. We1re opportunistic feeders basically designed as omnivores and eat both plants and animals.1

 The standing alien said, 1You eat animal flesh? How revolting!1 He then made a guttural sound that I perceived as a verbalization of disgust. The seated alien asked me, 1What is religious?1 I told them, 1Religion is the worship of a supreme being that we call God.1 
 
 1He is omnipotent; knows all, sees all and can do all things. He is in all of us, in all living things and is the creator of the universe. He is infinite; always was, is and always will be. We think of Him as a great father who created us in His image and gave us all an infinite soul or spirit that lives forever.1 

 1We believe that when our body dies, our spirit will be with Him forever if we live a good life.1 Then I asked them if they had such beliefs. 
 One of them, I1m not sure which, replied, 1No, but it is an interesting concept.1
 
 1Why are you here?1 I asked them and one of them responded, 1We are explorers.1 I nodded my head in understanding and then asked, 1Why do you not make yourselves openly known to us? We could benefit from your friendship, science, technology and wisdom.1

 The seated alien replied, 1We have studied a few samples of your various signal transmissions and are afraid of your race, as are some of the other races that have come here. We find you to be a violent, murderous, warlike, destructive, primitive and paranoid race. Your governments would steal our craft, take it apart and then kill and dissect us!1

 I felt ashamed of our reputation as an intelligent race and said, 1I understand, but not all of us are like that.1 The seated alien replied, 1I know, but we have to be extremely careful.1
  Then I became very excited when the realization of what they had said about other intelligent races suddenly struck me and asked, 1There are other intelligent beings and races in the galaxy? Do they look like you or me?1 One of them replied,1Yes many beings. All look different. Not like you or me.1 

 The standing being asked me, 1What about the large, cylindrical nuclear powered vehicles by the water?1 I had to think for a few seconds, but then realized he was talking about the subs at the naval base. I asked, 1You mean the submarines? What about them?1

The standing alien said, 1 Yes. Are they capable of flight?1 

 I thought about his question for a moment and replied, 1You mean like in the air or in space?1 The standing being said, 1Yes1. I responded by saying, 1No they are not capable of any type of flight. They are strictly limited to and designed for use in and under the water1.  

 The standing alien then stated, 1But they contain armed, air-borne destructive devices1. I said, 1Yes, they do have armed, rocket powered missiles, but they are used only as a psychological deterrent or military defense against enemies or invaders.1

 I guess I became a bit paranoid again and thought I should reinforce that line of thought. I added, 1 We do have missile armed vehicles capable of fast flight in the atmosphere, but much smaller and not nuclear powered.1

 My personal opinion is that from their direction of questioning and interest, the aliens may have been seriously concerned with the military aspect of a large vessel in space armed with nuclear missiles.
Especially from a violent, aggressive race like us.
 The standing alien then asked me, 1Why did your companion not come in?1 I answered, 1She1s very afraid, fearful and doesn1t understand what1s happening.1 
 
 Then the standing alien asked, 1Why is she shaped different than you?1 I replied, 1She is a female of the species.1 They questioned me more about this and I explained to them that we human mammals are male and female for the purpose of reproduction. 

 The male carries a fertilizing seed that he implants into the female, who carries unfertilized eggs. When the egg is fertilized, a new human is created and the female carries this new life inside of her body for nine months until it is ready to be born. 

 She then nurtures the infant until it can take care of itself, which takes many years. There are many traditional rituals involved with this entire mating and reproductive process.
 I became aware that my voice was reverberating slightly as I spoke and asked them why this was so. 
One of aliens replied that I was in a type of biological barrier, to prevent them and me from coming in contact with any harmful bacterial or microbial viruses and contamination of their craft.

 I responded, 1Like a force field?1 and asked if I could touch it. One of them said yes. I walked closer to the edge and slowly reached out my left hand, probing in front of me for the edge of the barrier. 

 Suddenly, I touched something that felt like pushing against a plastic bag in a swimming pool, but that had a finite flexing point and was invisible. There was also some light crackling sound and minor electrical static as I pushed harder.

 I became curious and asked if they could breathe our atmosphere. One of them replied, 1Yes we can.1 
I then asked, 1How is it that you can speak my language?1 

 One of the aliens replied, 1We are speaking to you through a universal translator that has been modified with the language you speak.1 

 1We have been here before, monitored samples of your multi-frequency transmissions and are familiar with a few of the languages of this planet.1 

 Then I asked, 1Why are you wearing masks?1 The standing alien responded, 1In order not to frighten you.1 I replied, 1I1ve seen lots of science fiction movies with many, what we humans would consider, very scary looking aliens. 

 How much more frightening can you look?1 I think I was being a bit macho. The seated alien asked, 1Would you care to see what we look like?1 and I stammered, 1Yes1 with some trepidation. He then told his standing partner to remove his mask. 

 In hindsight, they probably didn't have humanoid arms or legs, because when the one alien removed his mask, his "arm" jerked sporadically and erratically, almost mechanically. There was no other motion of any kind from either of them for the entire duration of the encounter.

 I looked, but can1t remember exactly what I saw. I assume I blocked it out of my memory from fear. I vaguely remember seeing shinny, brown and black spotted colored skin, some sort of tentacle-like appendages, weird cat-like eyes and lots of sharp, close-packed, small, pointed teeth. Then the seated alien asked,1So what do you think?1 

 After a few seconds of initial shock passed, I stammered, 1It1s not that bad.1 I think I may have diverted my eyes. Immediately, the thought flashed across my mind that I might have insulted them because any intelligent creatures would naturally consider themselves beautiful. 

 I realized that apologizing would only prolong and focus more attention on the possible insult. I must have gotten scared or looked frightened, because the seated alien told his companion to put his mask back on, which he did immediately.

 He then asked me if I was scared. I said, 1Yes a little bit, because you1re real, in front of me right now and not some make-believe fantasy on television or in the movies.1 They were really ugly, scary looking creatures I thought to myself. 

 Then the standing alien changed the subject and asked me, 1What is the nature of the equipment in your vehicle?1 I explained to him, 1It is a musical instrument and a sound amplification system. I am a musician and singer. I play music on the guitar and sing songs as a form of entertainment for other people.1
 
  Then I recall being outside, walking to my car and opening the rear cargo door of my station wagon, opening my guitar case and starting to remove my guitar. 

 My girlfriend got out of the car, walked over beside me asked, 1What are you doing?1 I replied, 1I1m taking out my guitar. They want me to play and sing for them1. 

 She told me,1Just take the whole case, it1s cold out here and bad for the guitar.1 I said, 1You1re right1 and put the guitar back in, closed the case and picked it up.
 
 I remember walking up a flight of shinny, metallic stairs back into the craft, carrying my guitar case. My girlfriend looked up at me and said, 1Are you really going back in there?1 I stopped, turned, looked back at her and asked her if she was coming in with me and she blurted out, 1No way!1 

 The next thing I recall was being in the cylindrical pit again. I only remember actually playing my guitar and singing two songs and playing a classical instrumental, and I do remember having the guitar strapped on when the beings were talking.

When I finished playing and singing, I asked them, 1Can you take me with you?1 I heard one of the aliens say, 1Interesting1 and the other replied, 1Interesting but primitive. Send him back1.

 I vaguely recall getting into the car and closing the door, but it seemed like a few seconds had passed and we were both just sitting there, staring straight ahead. 

 I looked up to the night sky directly in front of me through the windshield and briefly saw the craft slowly moving off in a westerly direction. I remember noticing that the top section of the craft was shaped like a long tent; with sharp angles and sloping down in the front, back and sides and completely black.

It reminded me of the shape of the top of stealth aircraft. The bottom of the craft seemed to be glowing white as it moved away. Suddenly my girlfriend became alert, turned to me and said, 1Well, what are you waiting for? Start the car.1

 I inserted the keys in the ignition, started the motor and then looked up for the craft. I asked,1 What happened to the flying saucer? Where did it go?1 I looked up to my center, right, left, front and back, but it was nowhere to be found. 
 
 My girlfriend said, 1Who the hell cares. Let1s get out of here.1 I quickly put the car in drive, turned on the lights and took off down the highway, heading for home. 

 I asked my girlfriend what she thought of the flying saucer and she spun around in the seat facing me. She replied angrily with a raised fist and voice, 1I don1t want to talk about it and if you ever mention this again, I1ll kill you.1 

 Needless to say, we drove home in dead silence. Upon arriving home, I checked my watch and the wall clock in the living room and noticed that it was a little after two o1clock in the morning, but my watch read a little after one. 

 I checked the clock in the kitchen and it also indicated a bit after 2 A.M. Suddenly I realized that it had taken us an hour longer to get home, than it had to arrive at our original destination! 

 Even though it seemed like we had only stopped for a few minutes, we had lost an entire extra hour that could not be accounted for! I started to question my girlfriend about the lost hour and asked her about the time on her watch, when she quickly spun around and glared at me as if she had daggers in her eyes. 

 Silently I reset my watch, kept it to myself and never brought up the subject again.

 The aliens must have used some form of hypnosis at the end of the encounter, because it1s taken me over twenty years to remember all the details in bits and pieces that I1ve just related. At the time, I could only remember getting back into the car and seeing the alien craft. 

 Although the next day when I went to get my guitar for practice, I did notice that I hadn1t put my guitar, strap and pick back in the case exactly the same way that I normally do. 
 That immediately made me think about what happened last night and why I didn1t place things back the way I regularly do, because I1m so anal, disciplined and such a creature of habit.

  Basically, I wrote about this experience because it was so unusual, interesting and therapeutic. The more I thought about it and wrote about it, the more I began to remember and small details kept returning to my conscious memory. Writing about and remembering the experience has been a catharsis.

 If this experience and encounter happened now twenty-six years later, my questions would definitely be different, worded more explicitly and I would have probably pressed harder for more answers.

 Anyway, I thought you might want to know the truth that there are many other intelligent races of creatures out there, none of them look the same as or anything like us and many of these other intelligent races have been coming here for a long time, or so the aliens told me.

 I personally believe the reason intelligent aliens have in the past and are still currently visiting our planet, is because our planet is a unique 1gem1 in the galaxy and/or maybe the universe.

 I believe there may not be any other planets that have the diversity of climates, environments, minerals, plant, animal, marine, reptile and insect life that we have here on Earth.

 Aliens may be coming here to extract samples of life forms to re-populate their own planets, or perhaps just to study our life forms.

 In any case, I seriously doubt if any aliens will ever make themselves openly known to us any time soon. After all, none of them want to expose themselves to us with our diseases, bacteria, violence, paranoia, etc. Like they said, we're considered primitives.
