{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1969-01-02 02:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31460","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2499,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5524398.json","updb_database_id":5524398}
flaming object came over hill with conical tail appeared to aim at us then stopped and hovered

At exactly 0205 Jan. 2, 1969 my hunting partner and I had finished a predator hunt for Turkey farmers that had been suffering losses. Since we had guns we had nothing but coffee to drink the whole night. (so we weren't drunk!) As we drove along an isolated country road, heading home, what appeared to be an aircraft that was on fire came over a hill heading toward us. It was trailing a long conical tail of what looked like fire and was on what appeared to be a collision course with us. I slammed on the brakes and pulled to the side of the road but failed to turn out my lights.
The craft continued to approach us until it was about 300 meters away then stopped and hovered. The conical tail seemed to catch-up to it and went out. My partner and I exited the vehicle (my truck) and looked closely at the object.
The object was an exact example of one of the old 1950s/60s flying saucers. or almost like your picture above except that there were two domes-one on top and one on the bottom. Thesaucers were separated by a row of verticalrectangular lights that pulsed in a sequencial manner around the perimeter of the vessel.
Even though we could see this craft clearly with our naked eyes, we looked at it through the scopes of our rifles. The object was too large and close for a view of the whole craft through the scopes. As we put our rifles down we watched it silently rotate 90 degrees and shoot straight up until it was smaller than a star and winked out.
My partner would have no part of reporting this sighting but I tried to report it to Vandenberg AFB only to be told they had no UFO section.
We didn't see any little green men nor did we see markings of the Federation of Mars on the vessel. It could have been made in somebody's garage for all I know. 
Thus it happened, truth be told. HOC
