{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-11 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32557","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2911,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5523398.json","updb_database_id":5523398}
White Sphere & Blue Sphere Near Full Moon

At 8:50 PM, October 11, 2011, the night of the Full Moon, I was snapping photos of the Full Moon with my 1st Generation iPhone while in the country 15 miles due west of Fort Worth. I took six photos in 46 seconds from a stationary position through the moon roof of an SUV. There was some clouds around the moon and the moon glare was such that I did not think any photos would turn out viewable. I did not see anything other than a blue light in the corner of the iPhone viewer; but when I looked without the iPhone, I could not see a blue light and chalked it up to some camera artifact I was seeing. 

When I downloaded the photos, I was surprised to see not only a Blue Sphere in the bottom right hand corner of the photos, but a White Sphere within the clouds surrounding the Moon. As I checked each photo, the White Sphere seemed to move around in the clouds while the Blue Sphere remained stationary.

I decided to take measure of the distance, angles and diameters of the Spheres in Photoshop. I was surprised to see that the diameter of both the Blue & White Spheres where identical & remained virtually the same, approximately 27 pixels within the six photos.

The Full Moon was scheduled to arrive at 9:06 PM, twenty-six minutes later than the photos I took. I went back outside to just look at the Full Moon when a helicopter flew overhead towards the moon's direction.  A helicopter flying overhead would not be unusual as they fly from Weatherford to Fort Worth almost nightly, an East-West flightpath. However, this one was flying Southeast.

I don't know what to make of these photos, but I have never had something like this appear in any before. It was just very odd to have two different colored spheres appear in photos, one moving and one stationary over a 46 second interval - and both of them being identical in size. Further, the White Sphere's position would be nearly over the Joint Reserve Base - formerly Carswell Air Force Base.
