{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-08-03 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58710","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2849,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5500398.json","updb_database_id":5500398}
{nd} A very fast bright white sphere appeared suddenly and travelled on a downward slope.

Retired law enforcement, multiple sighting experience. While standing outside near my back porch I observed out of my top peripheral vision a large bright white sphere that suddenly appeared at an elevation estimated to be 75 degrees. This object was in the NW sky about 15 degrees to the left of 90 degrees straight overhead when first seen. It was about the size of 1/4" to 5/16" inch in diameter at arms length. It had a downward slope to it slightly toward the N of about 10 degrees. This sphere, perfectly round, was a very, very bright white object in color. The size, shape, and color did not vary throughout my observation. There was no trail, no tail, no burning of the material leaving any combustion or debris field behind it. The object was observed in the open sky for 1 second, then it was partially obscured by a tall tree in my yard for the remainder of the event. What stands out in my mind is how the object flew beyond the branches and leaves of the 50 foot tall tree covering about 60 degrees of the observable field of view to the NW and was so easily seen within the tree due to the magnitude of the light it immitted. There was a second tree behind mine that was farther away and the object did not go below the canopy of the later. There was still another 5 degrees of sky to observe below the tree line if the object continued downward to the ground along the same flight path. I lost view of it mid way in my tree. I estimate that to be approx. 40 degrees elevation. At first my thought was it was a meteor. I have seen hundreds of meteors and many comets in my lifetime. I tried to play this off and forget about it. There were no other observable aircraft or stars in the sky at the time. This object moved slower than a meteor and shared no heating up characteristics like a body moving into the atmospehere. There were no stars visible. I though about this one for some time because it didn't make rational sense. I researched the weather data for the date and time I made this observation at Wunderground.com. On that evening there was overcast around 2,600 K. This object appeared at a relatively low altitude below the cloud cover.
