{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-11-12 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518398","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38785","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4088,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/398/mufon-5518398.json","updb_database_id":5518398}
Abducted

CASE NUMBER FILE 020809(not documented or reported with any agency)
02 meaning two encounters, one abduction one telepathic, 08 the year 2008, 09 the year 2009. 

I am about to turn off the lights, and go to sleep, it was a good, day at work, a good evening at home. I did not have the usual stressors from my emotions or work related issues. It was a calm and 1connected1 evening.
I turn off the light and no sooner as I hit my head on the pillow I was taken from my home in what felt like an immediate whirl wind. I was taken to what appeared to be a remote area on a highway. I looked beyond the horizon and saw it was evening. But it appeared so bright around me. 
I am standing on a highway with what I can see is a house to my right, and a tree in front of me. They seem bright, and the street lane below my feet. I then look up and see a large UFO hovering above me, I was prettified. Its outer shell was very white like bright as if glowing. It had some other lights underneath it, blue, red, and yellow-no sound. I am scared my heart is racing. 
I look to the right side of me and there is standing a male figure, hybrid reptilian being. He looked half human half lizard. In a telepathic message he says 1Someone wants to meet you.1 We walk left towards a red van. The window is open, another hybrid in the van, He says 1This is Jayson, my heart is racing, I am in the space of fear, looking up the UFO craft follows our every move as its now over us and the van-no sound. 
The being looks at me and says telepathically, 1If you love nature so much why are you destroying it.1
After he told me this I was back in my bed-disconnected from the experience. I attempted to re-engage but it was my own human fear that broke the connection.
That was in 2008- his first message:
1-	If you love nature so much why are you destroying it.

Second visitation 2009-Non- Abduction-Telepathic engagement:
This time again I was preparing for bed, when my brain felt as if it was 1tapped into1, it was Jayson I knew it was him. I asked him 1where are you,1 he said in a craft near by. I felt distinctly I was not to be taken again due to the extreme fear I had experience during our prior experience. He reported he came back to finish what he wanted to tell me in 2008. 
CASE REPORT FILE #0208-09
Jayson1s Eleven Points of Wisdom.
2-	Love God with all your might all your soul, We Love God too.
3-	Others may not come in peace.
4-	You are descendents of another race.
5-	They are jealous of Us because there are more of Us than there of them.
6-	The Reptilians are more advanced We come in Peace.
7-	All disease is created in the mind, thought of in the mind.
8-	The cure is in the mind
9-	God is evolution, He creates that1s all He does, and everything else creates itself. There is no sin.
10-	Your bowel movement is important for the physical body.
11-	Your crops are dying over harvesting is depleting the planet
1The Jews were not chosen. We encountered them in the desert, they accepted Our teachings. They became children of the 1light1 because they accepted the wisdom taught to them.1
This was the last I heard from him. I do not know or clearly understand all of this, although he did give me reasoning behind each statement. After our last encounter, I woke up one evening to a large luminescent orb over looking my bed. It was a little bigger than a basket ball. It hovered, bright light, then in an instant it shot left out of the window- It was closed.
