{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-23 04:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5470800","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"89687","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6850,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/800/mufon-5470800.json","updb_database_id":5470800}
{rjl} Entity exited large glowing orb

I lived in a town house, and often sleep on the ground floor in my living room on the coutch, where i can see both front & back doors including a sliding glass patio door leading to the back yard. This event occoured approximately in the early morning hours of late April of 2012. I am a 31yr old male army veteran, and lived alone at the time. Being a former military man, I was and am still a very avid and active supporter of self defence. During and also after my military service I have always kept a weapon in my home for self defence purposes. Even sleeping with a weapon (.380 caliber pistol) no further than arms length, in case of intruder/burgler. Up until this event I was also very skeptical and unbelieving of anything I hadn't seen with my own eyes, especially things of a paranormal/supernatural etc. nature. All of this changed one early morning of april, 2012. About 4:45am one morning as i slept on my living room couch a strange feeling came across me and awoke me from my sleep into the pitch blackness of the room. As I moved myself to the sitting position, I saw a small flash of yellowish light piercing my sliding glass patio door through the closed; tall swaying blinds. At first i didnt think much of it until only seconds later not only did i see another flash of light, this time the flash was red and seemed larger. Thinking maybe there was an intruder inside the closed wooden gate of my backyard i quickly grabbed my silver .380 pistol from the floor near the couch and hurried to look thru the blinds. What i saw next changed my life and has affected me mentally until this day. As i stood at the sliding glass door looking across the parking lot maybe 60 feet away on the rooftop of the adjacent townhome directly in front of me was a perfectly round extremly bright orb which could have been approximately 5 to 6 feet in diameter. I couldn't help feeling as if I was being beckoned to come to the door with these flashes of light. After about 10 seconds or so of staring at the bright luminescent orb it had doubled in size and again changed color to yellowish green in a single flash of bright light. Immediately following the Flash there was what sounded like a large very loud hellicopter if one would have been directly above my house. At the same time the orb grew something that looked like a large praying mantis mixed with a snake flew out of the orb and straight up, i could see that it had what seemed like a long 3-4 ft tail as it exited what i can only describe as a "portal" and then the portal was gone. Almost as quickly as it had exited this orb, the being flew directly toward me as now the loud sound was ear peircing and the being moved at an incomprehensible speed toward me, it took all of 2-3 seconds to cross the 60+ft of parking lot between the adjacent rooftop of the town home directly behind mine, over my wooden backyard fence where it came to a stop directly in front of me no more than two and a half feet, hovering about five feet off the ground. At this time the creature displayed no lights it was all black with what seemed like very strange symbols i had never seen before that went across its midsection (torso area). At first glimpse I could only describe this being as a bio-mechanical praying mantis mixed with a snake. It had a small head, long ringed neck but very large in-laid black eyes that extended beyond the sides of its head, which I saw last as I quickly and carfully looked it over from bottom to top, my jaw stood wide in awe. Out of sheer Terror and the close proximity it was to me, I immediately raised my weapon over my head and pressed it firmly against the glass of the sliding doors. Almost as soon as I had made this motion The Entity while still hovering in midair less than 3 feet away from me separated by only the glass of the patio door. The creature then extended from both sides what I can only describe as two sets of wing like appendages and emitted what looked like hundreds of tiny blue, sparkling lightning bolts in every direction, above and below each of the 4 "appendages" (I say appendages because if they were Wings they didn't seem to be used for flight, just because of the sheer fact it did not use them after it exited the large orb like "portal" from which it had emerged and flew directly towards me, nor did it use them to hover in place) which seemed to encompass and engulf the being completely (At this moment the loud helicopter, static like sound had stopped). Each of these small blue lightning bolt like energy emissions were no larger than my pinky finger, after just a few short seconds of me witnessing these "lightning bolt" like electric emissions the entity shot directly up and over the roof of my home at an amazing speed out sight toward the front of the townhome. After much time and thought I've come to the conclusion that this entity did not spread the wing like appendages and emit the plasma like discharge until I brandished my weapon leading to me to believe that this display must have been some sort of protective energy field to shield itself had i fired upon it. Although this entire encounter which started at about 4:45 a.m. and lasted no longer than 5-6min. Or less. About 2min. After the being had disapeared out of view over my home i quicky ran to the back door less than about 3ft. Away from where I stood and went outside. As I stood there staring into the sky I immediately realized that it had left almost the exact time of dawn because the sun was coming up. Honestly i dont like giving this part of the account but at that moment i realized that what i thought to be only 5-6min. In reality, Over an hour had passed because it was now dawn with the sun quickly rising and till this day, years later Im still no closer to an answer of what this being could have been, what it wanted, why it beckoned me to the door with the light flashes, and most importantly what happened during that missing hour... (If anyone has had a similar experience and/or any further information that could help, it would be greatly appreciated.)
