{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-14 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504800","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54084","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2762,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/800/mufon-5504800.json","updb_database_id":5504800}
{cak} Red lights like stars with one that seemed larger than the others.

From my position 230 degrees SW at 45 degrees up and approximately 300 ft to a mile away. Watching the big red light using the telephone lines to see movement and found it was moving slowly NE. I then saw about seven smaller lights moving together from the ocean side very slowly and not particularly in pattern, but moving together in coordination as in a staggered angular format. I ran in to get the camera and came out to find most were gone and the last few smaller lights were beginning to turn grey and blink out. The camera shutter would not click and I could not get the damn thing to take a single picture. I have used it all day today with no problems. The big red light was left alone and no longer moving. I said aloud "Don't go hold on!" while I fiddled with the camera. It then turned greyish and blink out. I stood there for the longest time half expecting a straggler to show up. The sky was cloudless and dark blue that night and was perfect for photography. I need a better camera. 

1. I went out to find a little boy making my dogs bark. I watched him for awhile and then he walked past my side gate where I saw the red light.

2. Keeping a child from harassing my dogs.

3. A star.

4. It was moving NE very slowly. Used the power lines to gauge speed and motion.

5. What is this? Can't be Mars. Meteorite? High aircraft?

6. The lights underwent a greying effect and then were not there anymore. I took my glasses off and rubbed my eyes in case I had red burnt into my retinas causing double vision, but I was seeing red lights. They were not bright enough to hurt my retinas and looked like stars. The sky last night was not black and full of stars, but dark blue with the city lights fading the night sky with light pollution. These red lights were prominent in the sky and were not that high up. I have seen flares before and these were not them. I have seen balloons before as well and they don't move together in a straight path even when tied together. Not sure what I say so I have to assume that I have been witness to unidentified flying/floating objects.
