{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520800","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"35612","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/800/mufon-5520800.json","updb_database_id":5520800}
Exploring Bridgewater/ MA- Saw Chrome dome poking from trees- bright sun reflecting- After saw small shiny object quickly move to right, leaving a blur trail and then disappear/ as if it vanished

Exploring Bridgewater/ MA- Saw Chrome dome poking from trees- bright sun reflecting- After saw small shiny object quickly move to right, leaving a blur trail and then disappear/ as if it vanished.

I decided to go exploring parts of Massachusetts with daughter during Sunday afternoon on the fifth of February. Just wanted to get out of house and explore further into Ma to see what was in the opposite direction of where we frequent more often.

Went through dighton, then taunton then Raynham (ate in Raynham) then continued driving through Bridgewater. I kind of lost my way turning onto a side road. Very Rural area. Lots of fields, trees, farming county, there were houses, but most the trees obstructed the view of most. Long hidden driveways.

Continued driving on this road (don't know the name of the street) & (was thinking of getting gps out if this road didn't take us back to the main road) and as I was driving (daughter in passenger side just looking around at scenery) I was looking further out at the road beyond in front of my car & noticed that the road sloped downward a bit and turned a few times (longer section of the road) I also noticed to my left, above tree tops a large dome shaped structure poking out of the tree tops. It was shiny reflective, reflecting the sun, it hurt my eyes. I was thinking to myself, wonder if we are driving up on a farm, which I was anticipating it to be right around the corner where the clustering of trees were as we approached. I was expecting to find a Farmers Silo on the other side when I passed the area. Or was it a Ufo? (it did cross my mind)

Suddenly my daughter said "Did you see that?! Omg!" I asked, what am I supposed to be looking at? Where are you looking? she was pointing toward the clearing of the sky which would have lined up with the road if you had drawn a straight line. But much higher up. The tree tops would have been much lower and rather on both sides. Im not familiar on horizon measurements. 

"did you see that? omg?!" "What am I supposed to be looking at? what am I supposed to see? Where are you looking at?!" She pointed her finger in the sky above the road the whole time never taking her eyes off. I could not see what she had seen, but none-the-less tried. I asked her, "What did you see?" She described it as a reflective surface disc like shape the size of a quarter (or a little less) if held out at arms length. She said it was there once second hover & left so quickly it made a blur streak and disappeared as if into thin air.

I quickly looked toward the tree tops to the left, we were coming up on the spot where I had seen the Chrome dome right before my daughter had alerted me to look elsewhere, but at this time, I could not see it due to the elevation of the road dropping. We were rounding the corner so again, I was still expecting to see a farm on the other side. When we got to the other side (of the thick row of trees & beyond the curve of road), there was no farm. There was no silo. There was a large open field. No sign of anything but trees, a field...then as continued on traveling...more trees, more fields, a few houses here and there. I just kept driving forward. Never stopping to turn around and go back and drive the same route to see if there would still be a chrome dome or even pull over to get my GPS out so we could start home from where we currently were. I kept driving.. wondering if what I saw right before what my daughter saw, was one of the same but at different altitudes. 

(We did make it to the main road and a exit to bring us back home & I did share to my daughter what I thought I saw & what it might have been. She said what she saw was similar, but much smaller. 

Will we ever know? All I can say is wow.
