{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-24 20:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5488800","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70837","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2741,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/800/mufon-5488800.json","updb_database_id":5488800}
Row boat shape ( sorta like a bullet but more like a row boat. Had 3 lights.

Just a couple minutes before 8pm on the evening of Sept 24/15 i went outside to my backyard with my dog to have a cigarette. I walked up to the hill ( 4 steps off the deck ) and i looked up to the sky ( the sky was that blue night sky not dark black) i see this huge what appeared like a star but was massive and so close. I knew 100% this isnt right and just then all these pink tesla ball tentacles started coming off of this " star " looking thing and within a second - it seemed as if this " star " turned inside out of itself and i could see orange and blue lights merged together and WHAM! I see this dark shape with lights ( not blinking ) coming towards my house. I never once took my eyes off of it and as it went over my house i could see the bottom and full shape of the object. It was in the shape of a row boat /bullet. It 100% had no wings or tail. The lower bottom had two lights that were peach orange and in the shape of those cement park barriers that lay on the ground in a parking space - they were vertigo - one on far left and other on far right. Above these two lights was a large circular ball light of blue. None of these lights blinked at all and stayed on. The craft gave off a sound that i unfortunately can not describe because i have never heard a sound like that to compare. I thought there was something wrong with it mechanically because of sound but perhaps that is the way it sounds normally..i really don't know.
It was the size of a large building and moved slow but steady over the house.

When the object went over me i could feel a numb sorta tingly feeling within both arms, neck and my head. What i found strange is that i knew it was a UFO but i just all calm like walked back into my house looking at my arms and thinking " they are real " I felt this sensation for 1hr and 9mins.

Also when i came in the house i looked at the time and no more then 2 mins had passed. I drew the craft and wrote some details within a minute of being in the house.

I have been feeling since that night what must be post traumatic stress.
