{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-09-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5548112","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"12382","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5032,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/112/mufon-5548112.json","updb_database_id":5548112}
UFOs hovering near Dayton International Airport

Looking out my west-facing bedroom window at approximately 9:00 P.M., I noticed a bright white-yellow light in the western sky at approximately 45 degrees above the horizon, less than 1000 ft. in altitude, and maybe (at most) 1 mile away. The light was much brighter and a little larger than a star or planet. It drifted very slowly in the same general position for about 5 minutes before I went outside and scanned the skies with and without binoculars. I observed the same light for about 10 minutes outside and then went back in.

At about 10:05 I went back outside to see if that or any other lights could be observed. At this time I noticed at approximately 75 - 80 degrees above the northern horizon there were several objects with red, blue, and white-yellow lights at a high altitude (probably more than 1000 feet, but still close to this altitude). I went inside and asked my sister who was visiting at the time to come out and look with me. She observed the same things I have described. At times there was no noise, and at other times we could hear the sounds of distant small planes. These objects traversed the sky, always remaining in view and finally 2 of them assumed a stationary position in the north and northwestern sky. We watched them remain stationary for about 15 minutes and then returned inside.

I went to my bedroom to look out the 2 windows that face, one north and one west. I observed an object in the northeastern sky, as viewed from my north-facing window, that was about 30 - 35 degrees above the horizon. It had probably been obscured from view outside by a large maple tree in the neighborhood. It had the usual blue, red, and white-yellow lights of the objects I have been viewing for a week now. I called my sister and mom into the the room and they observed the same object. It was just east of the Dayton International Airport, less than a 1/4 mile from it, and about 300 - 500 feet high. We watched it for about 15 minutes and then my mom and sister went to bed at around 10:40.

I continued to periodically observe this object until about 1:00 A.M. For about the last 1 1/2 hours I noted that the object in the northeast was accompanied by 3 other objects with horizontally configured white-yellow lights (approximately 5 ). Sometimes each of these objects also looked like a ring of lights. The lights on each object were evenly spaced. These objects would appear to fade in and out of view as if being obscured by something. Even when they were observable they were curiously faint. The original object, however, was clearly visible at all times. It never appeared faint. These other 3 objects were at approximately the same altitude as the original and maybe 50 yards south of it.

After 1:00 A.M. I lost sight of these objects through the north-facing window. I looked out my west-facing window and now noticed there were at least 4 objects in the western sky maybe 1/4 mile south of the airport. They only had white-yellow lights. One of the objects appeared as a vertical line and through the binoculars I could see what appeared to be 5 windows vertically aligned with a barely visible and much smaller white-yellow light just feet from the "windows" and to the left of them. This appeared to be a light attached to the top of the craft with windows. The "window" in the middle of the line of windows (the 3rd) was considerably brighter than the others. This vertically aligned craft was clearly visible, but the other 3 objects were very faint, not hardly visible to the naked eye, but clearly discernable (though faint) through binoculars. Three of the craft were more or less horizontal to the ground. These objects were about 300 - 500 feet up and 30 - 35 degrees above the horizon.

There was a group of around 5 people sitting around a campfire at a neighboring house west of me and the objects were a little further west and north of them. Their party broke up at approximately 2:30 A.M. when 2 groups of people got in 2 cars and drove away. Within several minutes of this, the 4 objects slowly drifted away northward and out of view behind trees in the surrounding yards. I saw no more objects from my windows after this for about 15 minutes when I stopped looking for the night.

The viewing conditions this evening were sometimes very clear and at other times there were 20 or 30 minutes of cloudiness that obscured viewing.
