{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-09-05 19:32:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530112","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"25372","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4029,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/112/mufon-5530112.json","updb_database_id":5530112}
Noticed car pulled over on side of road so pulled over to figure out what they were looking at. In the sky above was a strange orange colored craft going straight up from about 2,000' to 50,000' in about 3 mins and then suddenly shooting off to the East.

Driving west on HWY 110 in Murray County, OK, the witness noticed a white, late model car on the side of the road ahead of him. He decided to pull over to figure out what had drawn their attention. Looking up, the witness noticed a large strange craft at an altitude of about 2,000 ft and climbing straight up. The strange craft was orange in color and as large as a 727 airliner. It was shaped like the 1950s Flying Wing bomber at the front and had a huge fuselage protruding out the back of the craft that curved up like the back of a canoe only more so. The witness used to be a private pilot and at one time owned his own aircraft but was at a loss as to what he was seeing. At times he referred to this craft as an object at at other times as a plane. He does not want to be ridiculed by anyone and will not share this sighting with any friends.
  As soon as the craft was noticed the witness retrieved his binoculars from his vehicle and got a good clear look at the craft at 15X power. Protruding on each side of the craft was a shiny rod exiting the front of the fuselage, running along entire length of the craft and then reattaching at the back of the fuselage at the same angle which may have been 45 degrees vs 90 degrees. These shiny rods were reflecting the sunlight very well. The time was around 7:30 pm on a clear day, the sun was still shinning bright yellow and not yet turning sunset orange. The witness is adamant that the craft was not glowing orange but instead had a surface that was orange. No insignias or markings, or cockpit area was noticed, nor was any sound from the craft of any kind noticed. Also visible were two short contrails from the craft that remained a constant length of about 1/3 the length of the craft. The short constant contrails were flat instead of round. 
  The witness watched the craft climb from about 2,000 ft altitude to about 50,000 ft altitude in about 4-5 mins time, after which the craft suddenly shot off to the East vanishing from sight all in a matter of seconds. At first the witness drove to his nearby house to alert his wife so that she may also see the craft but decided it would take her too long to come out of the house, so he returned to the spot at the side of the road and continued watching. The witness stated he had to quickly turn his body to follow the craft when it shot to the East. As was mentioned, the witness had for years been a private pilot and feels his estimates on size and altitudes are accurate. The witness wishes he could speak to the people who had pulled to the side of the road ahead of him, he feels they may know if the craft rose from the ground or approached from the West, etc.
  Also: The following day at exactly the same time and spot on the same road as the previous day's sighting, the witness's wife noticed a distant craft in the Western sky. She asked her husband to pull to the side of the road and using the same binoculars he had used the day before, observed a disc shaped craft that was glowing orange and climbing at the same time it traveled to the West. No further details from this second sighting are known at this time. Both witnesses which to remain anonymous.
