{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-14 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512112","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46217","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4595,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/112/mufon-5512112.json","updb_database_id":5512112}
(GS) White boomerang like object flys over apartment complex then into the horizon.

I was on the balcony last night relaxing after a long day at work. I love looking at the stars at night so I noticed a bright streak across the sky. That of course was a meteor. However I was thinking, it would be awesome to see another one. 

What I saw within 2-3 minutes after made my jaw drop. I saw this greyish white object fly over my apartment. I at first thought it was a huge bird, but then again, I have not ever in my life seen a giant white bird as big as this moving flawlessly through the sky, no wing flapping, nothing to really indicate it was a bird. So I was thinking, maybe it was the space station or a satellite. 

Well at that altitude, being the space station or a satellite there would have been some reflection from the sun, possibly.

On my balcony I was looking directly up into the night sky, my body was facing north and this object was moving from south-west to north east. I could determine that by the direction I was facing and the direction this object was moving. 

It looked almost like a giant bird, but I ruled that out, looked nothing like a satellite but I ruled that out. It looked like a giant boomerang. However not exactly like a boomerang. I have spent much time on the internet to get an idea of what I saw and I came across this picture on this page. I hope no one minds be pasting the link.

http://ufos.about.com/od/currentuforeports/a/twogermany.htm

I hope this link works. If you can see this picture, that is nearly 100 percent what I did see. Except there were no lights. From what I could see looking up at it, it looked pale whitish in color almost to the point of being grey but more white. I would say a mixture in color.

It is difficult to describe the distance but it would look like as if you were to look up into the sky to see a buzzard at a high altitude. Really in comparison the shape to distance ratio, just by making an estimate I would say this was the size of at least 3 passenger jets. I live right by an international airport and I see jets, planes, helicopters daily. This was none of those. It almost reminded me of a stealth fighter jet.

However given the speed is what broke the mold for me. I see how fast a bird can fly and it can take a while to get out of visual distance, I can see that planes, even though being miles up can get out of distance sometimes up to several minutes. 

Whatever this was, I literally tracked it for about 10 seconds and it was out of sight. I was trying to keep focus on it but it was moving so fast. That is why I at first really thought it was the space station because it was big and moving very fast. Again, it was moving north east but at a phenomenal rate of speed but it moved so effortless. There was no sound, vibrations, anything. Except the cars driving by outside.

To be quite honest I am a very scientific person, I study biochemistry and I use science to base many of my conclusions. I was admiring the night sky, because astronomy is a passion of mine. I felt connected to the sky last night, unknown reasons or force but I felt at peace. That is when I saw the meteor and that just brought a sense of awe and joy over me. I felt almost euphoric, then this passed over. It shocked me because after analyzing and trying to understand the situation I was just standing there lost in thought. 

On the side note I know someone will ask, how could I see it at night if it had no lights. The night sky is pretty black and I could tell by the glow from the city lights on its underside. The lights in Dallas/Fort Worth combined can pretty much light up anything in the sky at night.

After this happened I did not want to forget what I saw. I did sketch what I saw and as strange as it was I was looking at my sketch and the photo I saw on the website matches it nearly 100 percent. This is all I can think of at this time. It was an amazing experience that I will not ever forget.
