{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-05-09 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288112","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115257","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3520,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/112/mufon-5288112.json","updb_database_id":5288112}
Over a half an hour. My wife and I had witnessed several groups of UFOs, all we’re headed north.

On May 9, 2021 at approximately 12:15 AM I went outside with my two dogs in order for them to do their business one last time before bed. We live in a Lakeside community , and the skies the past two nights been extremely clear, the night before I had mentioned to my wife I thought that was the most stars I had ever seen in the sky!
So I’m standing there looking at the night sky waiting for the dogs to do their business. I was standing in a clear patch of land on my property. They came down to the sky from the west at a high rate of speed, orb like uFOs we’re travelling in Westward direction. As they were approaching closer and almost directly in my view I saw three bright orbs, then suddenly it looked like one of the orbs released A fourth one from itself. The fourth orb that was released we’re doing almost feats of acrobatic flying in and out of the other three and actually flying in a circles around all three. , I felt as though they knew I was watching, and the fourth one was just showing off to what I thought it was for my behalf. As they passed over me they were starting to head north east ,And the white orbs that I originally saw as they were heading away from me turn to an Amber/Orange colour and no longer look like an orb but more so A triangle shape. I watched for another 2 to 3 seconds until they were no longer visible to me. For me that was like finding the holy grail! Over my 52 years I have seen things in the sky I’ve always believed, but I am 1000% certain NOW, we are not alone ! 
I guess I was outside for quite a while when my wife open the door and started calling the dogs. They went running, I followed behind. I went around the house and up the deck at the dock of the house, my wife had already let the dogs in. She can see how excited I was and how persistent I was that what II saw was indeed real. As I mentioned earlier I have seen some things over my years and wife has has also , so she was anxious to put a jacket on and come outside. Within minutes of stepping outside all kinds of things seem to be happening in the skies above and around us . Then all of a sudden my wife says look there! There were three more heading from South to North with the exact same amber/orange colour , and moving at a very high rate of speed. and as quick as the first three appeared within seconds they were out of view . And less than A minute and a half later there were 3 more. We probably stayed outside for another 15 minutes those were the last three that we saw, however there were objects flying quite a bit higher in the sky and going much faster.. my wife started to get nervous and wanted both of us to go inside.

Unfortunately I cannot stay up late tonight as I have work in the morning, but if any of you are in the Interlake region keep an eye out you just may see for yourself.
