{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1977-05-12 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504112","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54788","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/112/mufon-5504112.json","updb_database_id":5504112}
{rjl} I was going to bed when I looked out my window and saw something with lights and round windows I could see inside.

Was getting ready to go to bed and as I pass my window I saw something with 4 or 5 lights at the bottom of the object slowly going on and off it was flying very slowly down the road right in front of my house. I could see the shape of the object it's outline stood out against the night sky. The light's came on and off slowly that's when saw it had round windows and I could see inside there was faint light inside and I could see the wall inside with what looked like bolts or rivets running down a seam. That's when I got afraid that I might see who was in there. The object went slowly just above the tree's and stopped right above the tree's where the creek was, then the light's started to flash all over the object in a pattern, it looked like it changed shape but it might have been just the light's that made it look that way, then it went straight down into the tree's but there's no place for something that big to land because it just dense woods, it never made a sound nothing, it was the last I saw of it. I went down and looked the next day to see if I could find where it went but there was no sigh of a landing anywhere no tree's broke nothing. I have been calling it a object but what I saw was a machine I don't know who was flying it but it was a machine. The light's changing on it was really something to see. I was no more than a 100 foot away as I looked at it and no more than 500 foot when it went straight down. A couple of years ago I told my grandson what I had seen when I was young and he ask me something that I didn't have a answer for, he ask me why I wasn't like the people on TV who spent years looking for UFO's. I still don't why I didn't tell everybody I saw and why I was not afraid the next day or even now it was like it wasn't very important. That is what has been bothering me ever since my grandson ask me that question. I have never seen a picture or drawing that was the same shape I saw.
