{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-12 19:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291112","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112226","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3507,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/112/mufon-5291112.json","updb_database_id":5291112}
Strange directional silent flying craft seemed to turn into orbs that danced like a venn diagram and move erratically up, down, sideways

We were taking a bike ride in the neighborhood after dark. We had LED lights on our bicycles. We were admiring the stars and saw this craft just sort of, appear. I went on [link moved to Investigators report section/CMS/fgc], and am not sure how to upload that here. Plus, there are some inappropriate words that need bleeped out. We saw three orbs evenly spaced out from each other in a straight line (horizontally) flying west slow, evenly, and steadily. For a moment it looked like it was hovering, but we also know it could have been the path it was taking in our skyline that gave it the appearance of hovering. My partner rode ahead a bit to follow it and he was maybe 75 feet away from me and he observed the lights to be dancing. From my angle, I saw the three lights steadily cruising forward (away from us). I couldn't understand how we saw something different, but I looked down on the camera and that is when I noticed the lights got bigger, more transparent, into three orb like shapes of the same gold color and they danced around each other like a venn diagram shape. Then I thought they disappeared. Again there were no visible clouds in the sky. Then I saw it reappear on my live feed, but it was moving erratically in up, down, appeared to move diagonally, much faster than it was before. We also saw a couple of other planes moving steadily, quickly, on a straight course, at anywhere from 25,000 to 35,000 altitude maybe more. They had their usual blinking red and teal lights on each side. Eventually it moved farther away from us and we continued our bike ride, approaching the pond with a fountain which was loud. Another plane went overhead at maybe 20,000 altitude or so, and it was so loud, we heard it over the fountain. The other planes we saw were so high they did not seem to make sounds. This object was totally silent and moved at a different speed and direction than the other planes in the sky. We do not live that far from WPAFB. We do not know what it was, but it was not identifiable by definition. It did feel a little eerie so I made sure to look at the time in case anything strange and spooky happened, it was 7:33pm. We usually try to rule out the space station and satellites however this thing seemed to be quite a bit closer to earth than either of those objects and moved in an erratic manner. Due to the nature of my job, I request to remain anonymous. We've seen other unusual things before and never reported, but both agreed this could be a reportable event. I can send the link to my FB live upon request, but with a little guidance maybe I can figure out how to turn it into a media file to upload below. It's a little over one minute long.
