{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-07-27 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509112","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49334","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4081,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/112/mufon-5509112.json","updb_database_id":5509112}
{cak} Glowing and blinking/flickering green orbs in triangle formation. Observed with naked eye and with binoculars. Witnessed by two people and observed for about 3 minutes.

We live in a semi-rural wooded area with low light pollution. It is pretty dark at night and on a clear night, like the night of this event, you can see many stars. 

My wife and I were hanging out in the computer room in our apartment. We had our door open with only a screen door shut. Around 9:30 pm we heard a knock at the door. This was very unusual because we are in a relatively isolated area and visitors at this hour, even from our landlord who lives on the same property, are very uncommon. We played the ignore it and it will go away game, but the knocking persisted and I heard the voice of our landlord "Hello?". I went to see what he wanted and he informed me that my wife had left one of her car map lights on. I thanked him, told my wife and walked out to her car to turn off the light. 

On my way back to the apartment, I looked up into the sky and saw the UFO. It was very obvious that this was NOT a plane or a helicopter, etc. I immediately yelled to my wife to come outside RIGHT NOW! She came to the door asking "What is it?!", to which I replied "Look! A freaking UFO!". She stepped outside, looked up and her jaw dropped...she was speechless. I sprinted into the apartment and grabbed my iPhone and binoculars and ran back outside. (Im an avid birder so I always have binoculars on the ready!)

The object was pretty low in the sky, well below cloud and private plane altitudes. It was very large, at least a couple hundred feet across. The object consisted of glowing green spheres (or orbs) arranged in a triangular formation. Triangle was more of an isosceles shape with the long end facing forward. There was another sphere that trailed way off to the side and later at bottom of the object or objects. This trailing sphere only lit up occasionally. The main spheres blinked irregularly at varying intensities, but in a manner that suggested some form of communication between each one of them. I could see the stars in between the spheres so this was either one object that was completely transparent or a group of objects traveling in formation. 

Looking through my binoculars, directly at the spheres, I could not discern any other structure. They were just glowing green spheres that were well defined and perfectly round. At one point of the triangle, there were actually two spheres very close to each other and stacked in a vertical formation, so there were 5 spheres observed total.

The object appeared to move relatively slowly. The linear path of the object was very smooth and completely silent. This is hard to describe, but the object seemed to rotate or shift and it sometimes wobbled. We watched it until it disappeared below the treeline. It did not seem to descend, just follow a low linear path.

I captured video with my iPhone which was attached to my binoculars. (I have a rig called a PhoneSkope used to attach a smartphone to optics which I use for birding). The video is shaky because I was charged with adrenaline and the shake was magnified by the 10x binos. I also posted the video to YouTube: [Link moved to FI section/cms/tg]
