{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-02-01 02:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496112","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63298","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3054,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/112/mufon-5496112.json","updb_database_id":5496112}
{nd} constanly see lights extremely high up (higher the passenger jets), one night orange beam shoots out of it

I consistently see (about 4-5 a month)a white light traveling over my house from West to East very late at night. I smoke so I always go outside my house late at night. These balls of white light change speed and direction many of the times when they pass over. You can tell they are high as or higher then passenger airplanes. I can tell this because I see many types of jets over my house on there way to Seattle but always traveling from South to North. I told my roommates about this and they didn't believe me until I woke one of them up one night to show her and it totally freaked her out because the one I showed her changed direction and slowed down and then sped up and went higher and out of sight in a few seconds. One night about 6 months ago about 1-2 am I was out smoking and watching the sky. I saw one of the craft and this time I had a telescope ready so I could get a better look at it. By some miracle I got the telescope locked on to it and this was definitely a round, white UFO. Suddenly the craft shot up at an angle and out of view. Then about 20 seconds later I saw this orange laser beam shoot from out of space into the atmosphere at about a 45deg angle downward and it disappeared from view behind the house next to mine. You could tell the beam came through about 50-100 miles away (possibly next to Mnt St Helens toward eastern Washington). I was in the Army for 8 years so I have seen many different types of military aircraft and believe me these lights aren't anything we fly or anything that our government has admitted to yet. Back in 2001 I also saw a "Giant" (easily the size of 2 football fields across) black triangle fly over my apt building at about 1am (again I was out smoking). It had no lights on it and made almost no sound other than the sound of the wind passing over the hull and a slight hum of some type of power source. It had to be flying about 200ft high and about 50mph at the most. Like I said I could hear the sound of the wind passing over the hull. I wish I had a video camera that you could show these lights at night because I see them all the time. I even downloaded the app for the international space station to see if it might be what I am seeing but the thing wasn't even close. These things also change direction and speed so it really can't be that. Really not sure what they are.
