{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2007-07-04 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5505900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52933","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3018,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5505900.json","updb_database_id":5505900}
{nd} Woke up in strange place in the Cabin

I went to Alpine AZ to stay in a cabin for a few days near Nutrioso. I drove into Springerville to grab some chips, Dinty More cans, soups etc..I placed the cans on the counter (high counter, 40 inches) with other food. the counter is inverted L shape. The lower part of the L was the counter and the vertical would be the sink, stove area. I need to draw the room layout for you to understand the extreme oddness of the position. I watched Open Range, walked into kitchen area where sink is in the nook of the L. I placed plate and glass into the sink and was headed to bed around 9:00 - 9:15 typical bedtime for me. I was thinking about what room to sleep, the guest or masters. Then... 

I woke up on my back, face to ceiling and head facing door, the door rug in front of my head halfway pushed up the door. Puzzling, since the rug has non-slip bottom I was about 2 feet away from the door, and my feet were facing other direction, and my back hurt severely. But my head and rest of body felt perfect (having arthritis) was not something I have felt in a long time. Almost euphoric. 

I stood up and went to the bathroom and looked into the mirror and them turned around and looked at my back. There was a large round circle in the center of my back. Almost the exact size of Dinty More can, or some other can of food. I walked into the kitchen and examined the entire scene, no cans were moved, fell off but still stacked in a pyramid. Then I noticed the rug was not only half up the door, but it was upside down and this was very odd. I had swept the floor when i entered the cabin, shook the rug out in and placed it right side up, Black rubber bottom and polyester top.
How can i slip and fall, with my head, feet 8 feet away and angled out of the room? Nasty red circle in my back that I cannot reach. I later showed several others the next weekend. That is how long this was there. It did not bruise at all, slowly faded away. 

I have never had any black outs, seizures. So I continued with the rest of the days there. When i got home, I began to have issues with memory, for example, names, places, dates. This affected me as I was a Grad Student. Since this incident, I now struggle with concentration issues starting exactly when this happened.
