{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-03-27 19:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"55013","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2675,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5503900.json","updb_database_id":5503900}
{kt}One giant storm cloud in a clear sky amazing lightning reveals something strange in photos very peculiar showed up in just one frame of many

I was Driving Home and noticed one area to the North East of me beginning to look a little bit Tornadic ...on a particularly clear sky evening...As I pulled to my house I got out of the car and began photographing and filming this system develop I called to my wife to come see and it see filmed it on my phone and got lots of photos of the storm.
It wasn't like anything we had ever seen ..as can be seen in the video.
There were no sirens. After a while we went inside as it was creeping further away.
I joked in the video that there's prbly a spaceship in there...but what I discovered after going through the stream of photos I had taken in hopes of catching pictures of the lightning.
I only actually got a couple of strikes ...but what I saw in one of those lucky photos ...blew my mind and I must say ...this is as close to believing that cloaked spaceships may actually be using storms as cover or perhaps creating storms for cover...
Is it possible that this ship was submerged in a nearby lake and was drying off or something prior to departure? As Ignorant as that sounds!
Maybe it was too heavy for flight?
Whatever it was doing it was quite a show !
It's should have done it on a actual cloudy day cause it has raised some eyebrows.
In the photo.. notice the line where the lightning stops 
Also some type of running lights.
The line actually seems to have a reflection of a lightning bolt on it ...if u follow the line it makes a donut type cylinder shape(saucer like).
Please know that this is not Doctored and I hope u are excited as I am about this and am hoping for feedback.

David

I alologize for the camera tilting back and forth I was trying to get the whole thing in the camera it was a huge storm cloud .
