{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-06 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62478","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2885,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5496900.json","updb_database_id":5496900}
{nd} I watched a star-like object hoover and move around in the same general area for about 30mins. this is probably the 5th or 6th time over 2 years I've seen it in the same general area.

On 1/6/15 around 7:00-7:45PM I told my wife that I had a feeling of gloom or an ominous feeling that something was going to happen. Just a few minutes later I was on my front porch using the grill it was already very dark but very clear with lots of stars out. I had been noticing a lot of planes in the sky, a couple flew over so low I could almost read the numbers on them. It was very unusual for so much traffic in the sky, at least it seemed strange to see so many in just an hour or so. As I looked back down the valley approximately NW I noticed a star-like object much lower in the sky than the other stars that where out. The reason I even looked in that direction is because over the past 2 years my wife and I have seen something very similar to this about six times. The first time I saw it for several nights in a row around the same time of year and around the same of day. The object was staying in almost the exact same spot but it did move up and to the left and then settled back down and then moved up and to the right. So I called for my wife to come look at it, and to prove to me that I wasn't crazy..lol She saw it too and we watched it together for a few minutes but it was very cold so she went back in the house. I continued watching it for several more minutes and it very slowly dropped behind the mountain range until I couldn't see it anymore. I kept looking up at the sky, at this point I couldn't stop. A few minutes later I noticed 2 planes very high in the sky flying in the direction of the object but much higher up. As they flew in the NW direction a small white light that looked much higher in the sky flew towards them at a speed I couldn't believe and then stopped right passed them. It was 100 times faster than the planes where, it hovered in the same spot for maybe a minute then flew away as fast as it passed the planes. All of this happened in about 30-45 minutes. After I went in the house it kinda shook me up a little, almost made me a little nervous. I really feel like an idiot, but I've seen enough over the years that I thought I should tell someone.
