{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-21 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71753","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2453,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5487900.json","updb_database_id":5487900}
{rjl} North New Jersey 9pm(Est) bright light object east to west in night sky

United States, October 21, 2015 in north New Jersey. I went outside at 9pm EST to get my cat to bring inside, who was stubbornly at the curb of street. 

I was facing east and a bright white object moving across the sky appeared from the east horizon. Almost 90 degrees from where I stood. I watched it move across the sky for about 8 seconds until it disappeared over the west horizon. It was a steady bright white, I could not recognize any shape to the object, but it remained as a large twinkle. Yet, it was not twinkling, there was no pulsating light, just a steady bright light. 

It had no changes in size or color, and an unchanging straight line pace. At first sight I expected it was part of the Orionids meteor shower happening tonight, but it was larger than the usual meteors I see during showers. It had no tail, or trail, it moved a little less fast than a meteor. Actually I'm not sure about speed in that aspect, because I've seen fast and slow meteors, and large and small meteors. This was different, it was something I've never seen before.

While watching, I kept my eyes fixed on it, I felt in awe, comfortable, and I wanted to follow it. My cat did not care, he plopped into the grass, rolled around a bit, walked around, nothing unusual. After sighting it, I looked up to the north to spot an airplane. The previous light object I saw didn't look like an airplane, I couldn't make out it's shape, it seemed pretty far, larger, and moved faster than any airplane I've ever seen at very long distance. 

I have no footage, or photos, and my cell phone was in the house during the experience. I plan on heading out later to see some of the meteor shower and would find it interesting to search online if anyone else had also witnessed this light object in the sky.
