{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-06 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61365","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3633,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5497900.json","updb_database_id":5497900}
{cak} Observed two silver cigars shapes attached together by a small tubular connection.

I just arrived in my driveway it was about 5pm as I was walking towards the front steps to my home. I looked to my right facing South East to see if my horses were in their stalls. I then noticed something rather odd flying above the barn as the sky was clear and not cloudy and still broad daylight.
The object was flying in an odd sort of way, not like any aircraft I am aware of would or could fly. It was shimmering, it appeared to be glowing. It had no wings and it looked like two silver cigars shapes attached together by a smaller tubular connection. From the distance of height I venture to guess it was possibly not as large as a commercial aircraft, but perhaps the size of a private airplane. I had the impression it seemed to be ascending but also seemed to be floating and at first moved slowly. 
After a moment it was above my house and somehow I managed to take a photograph on my cel phone and then looked at my cel phone to see if the image was there. When I looked up again it was gone either out of sight or vanished. It left me with an unsettled feeling. I sent the image straightaway to a ufologist I know who then shared it with another ufologist he works with and they both told me it looked very genuine to them. They told me it looked similar to what they filmed on PCH last year, where they saw a similar object that hung over the road for 40 minutes or more. Except, there UFO was only visible in infrared spectrum and mine was quite visible to the naked eye. They also said after enlarging my picture and adjusting for contrast that its appeared there were two flashing lights close together something they had seen before.
All things considered it appears to me this was not business as usual in the sky and we are now living in unprecedented times.
As an author of a book on epigenetics and researcher of Biblical prophecy I am reminded of 2 Thessalonians 2:9," Even him, whose coming is after the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,10 And with all deceivableness of unrighteousness in them that perish; because they received not the love of the truth, that they might be saved. 11 And for this cause God shall send them strong delusions, that they should believe a lie:" Perhaps there is a logical answer to what I witnessed but I have none to offer at this time. I am aware that UFOs continue to play a cat-and-mouse game over the whole earth. As I recall Jacque Valle, in his book Messengers of Deception, stated he believed these entities were interdimensional rather than extraterrestrial as does researcher L A Marzulli and Richard Shaw. I also read Tom Horn and Cris Putnam1s book Exo-Vaticana which explains in great detail the fact that the Vatican may be positioning itself to embrace an Alien savior. So there is much to consider here with my close encounter of the first kind.
