{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-18 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69703","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3916,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5489900.json","updb_database_id":5489900}
{jpg} 2 flame - like orbs or lights were hovering to the west of the outside of the city. They appeared and disappeared about 4 times.

After I had got picked from my girlfriends house by my mom, we were heading back to our home. As our van faced the direction of West on the road, I noticed two bright lights in the distance. At first I dismissed them as airplane lights because we have a municipal airport that always has planes fly at night. But as I kept observing the lights, I noticed they didn't have a blinking light like airplanes or helicopters do and the lights were flame-like so I finally came to the conclusion that they were none of those and something not of this Earth. I showed my mom the lights and she agreed they were a peculiar sight and not normal. We were amazed by the lights but we also felt a little nervous because of how abnormal the sight of the lights were. The lights did not move at all. The light on the right was slightly higher than the one on the left. They flickered like candle lights in the distance which gave the lights it's flame-like qualities. They were pretty far from where we were driving. They looked as if they were in front of the Frito-lay factory in the desert by the Maricopa-Casa Grande Highway. Then all of a sudden the lights disappeared or disintegrated. They were gone for less than a minute and then reappeared with the left orb or light higher than the one on the right this time. They were in sight for a few more minutes and then disappeared again. A minute passed and they reappeared with the right light higher than the one on the left again. They stayed for a few minutes longer and then disappeared again. After about another minute only one reappeared and this one was really bright. By this time my mother and I were about to arrive home. I took two pictures of the one light at this time. I didn't take any pictures of it before because I knew my picture quality was bad and my camera could not zoom so I thought it was no use until I realized I needed some form of evidence of the lights if I was going to report it. Now it looked as if the light was still in the desert by the highway but more closer behind the old copper mines than the factories. Then finally the second light reappeared after a few minutes but this one was farther away from the brighter left light and more closer to the ground. It was a lot more dimmed than the left light. As I got home I was amazed by the lights so I tried to find binoculars to get a better look but unfortunately the ones we had were broken. So I ran back outside to look at the lights again but the very bright left light was gone and the dimmed light was the only one left. It was still close to the ground but I could barely see it now. After a few more minutes it was finally gone and I never saw them again. This all happened within a time frame of an hour. My mother and I were completely baffled and amazed by the lights the whole time. As I went back inside, I told my cousin about it and he said he had saw lights like that just the other day but he didn't want to say anything about it.
