{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-18 21:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5515900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"42247","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3555,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5515900.json","updb_database_id":5515900}
{dr}Red orange ball of light traveling straight path then wobbled and disappeared

Our family home is three miles west of Tucson, its outside the city on the west side of I/10. We live on a hill off of a dirt road and its semi rural so its quiet and very dark at night here. We have a clear view of the distant city lights. 
At 9:10pm I arrived home from teaching a class. I was in an introspective mood and stepped out of the car and decided to linger outside awhile reflecting. I stood feeling blanketed in a deep, dark quiet atmosphere. I felt a moment of peace and then became awe inspired as in I enjoyed the sparkling city lights and stars on this cool clear January night. 
My eyes caught a red light in motion. I gazed at what appeared to be a plane traveling a typical airplane speed from the south on a straight horizontal path heading north. It looked about 6 miles away and over the city and not high in the sky. Tucson has an international airport, air force base and medical helicopters. Ive lived in Tucson almost 30 years, Im familiar with many varieties of aircraft. This light engaged my attention as it seemed different. In general Im aware of ufos in our airspace so I took a more critical look at this light. I saw that it was not blinking, did not have familiar airplane light patterns, I waited a while to see if another color light or blinking would be displayed. I thought the light was red but as I studied it longer I thought it was orange, then I settled the debate in my mind that it was a steady circular reddish orange light. I began to sense this could be a ufo, then at that same time the light stopped moving from my perspective and began to get brighter and bigger. I sorted out that the light had not stopped but had turned abruptly and now was traveling west toward me! I got a shot of adrenaline and became nervous and excited and felt that "it" heard me recognize it. I dropped my bag and ran to the house and called to anyone to come out and see this weird orange light. My teenage son quickly responded and saw it and agreed it was weird. Meanwhile the ufo still appeared not to move but was growing brighter and closer. My son ran back into the house to call out my husband who was reading a bedtime story to my young son. Back outside now my husband and two son were observing this reddish orange light growing bigger. All present could not identify what it was felt we were witnessing some highly unusual aircraft. It was still miles away maybe and as it came closer growing gradually brighter the steady light started to wobble, warble, waver. Those words came to mind as I pointed it out to my husband asking if he saw it too. Then the light faded rapidly and blinked out. Now nothing but black night sky in its place. We played back to each other what we saw and we all saw the same thing. We lingered outside a few more minutes to see if the ufo would reappear in that spot or somewhere else but it was gone, gone gone.
