{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-04-13 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5526900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"28759","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4971,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5526900.json","updb_database_id":5526900}
ouside apt., saw translucent lense-shaped disk hovering above parking lot with steam generated around edges

At approximately 10 pm on 4/13/11, I exited my apt. in Huntington, Indiana to smoke a cigar in the parking lot. Upon sitting down to smoke on my front walkway, I looked up and saw a translucent disk-shaped symmetrical object directly above the parking lot, approximately 25 feet high in the air. 

I was initially surprised, though, having seen a UFO once before in Summer 2008 (four large white lights rotating clockwise and couterclockwise while simultaneously beaming a white light down to the ground to form a inverted pyramid shape; the white balls of light were in formation to my Northeast and travelling about 70 mph approximately 5 miles east of I-65 and 300 feet up, they tracked my vehicle as I was proceeding southbound on I-65 in-between Franklin and Edinburgh, Indiana and never passed my position) but never this close, I was not afraid or overly shocked. 

The object I saw was translucent and obscuring the background night sky and apartment buildings and trees, though, not blocking the background out; the shape was more like a distortion of the background, much like the image one sees when looking at one's reflection in a pool of water. The shape was symmetrically disk shaped and did not change. I could not see any edges or seams of physical material. It was as if the object was rapidly ionizing the air around the edges of the shape forming a thin fog that would dissipate but was continuously being generated. It was spontaneously generated in a circular pattern much like it seemed the effect of dry ice has when placed in ambient air. It was a cloudless night, cool, and slightly humid. The moon was beside the disk, high in the sky, slightly yellowish, waxing. 

I didn't hear any sound coming from the object, I experienced no missed time to my knowledge, but a thought kept recurring in my mind 3 or 4 times in the first few seconds of seeing the object above the parking lot. This thought was that the disk was some sort of amplification device used to amplify and focus thoughts and signals or messages between the moon and points or people on the Earth. This thought may have been my own justification for identifying something unknown, but I just had a very strong FEELING this was correct without any doubt at all. I hold a BS in biochemistry and MBA, and, by nature, I am skeptical of UFOs and aliens, though open to the possibility that both exist. I watched the shape for about 10 minutes and was just sort of hypnotized by it. It felt good to watch it; calming. It was beautiful. I enjoyed watching it so much that I didn't even think about going inside to get my camera nor did I apparently feel any desire to photograph it! 

The strangest thing about the whole experience is what my neighbor said as I turned to see him enter his apartment next door. I didn't see him pull up into the parking lot or open his door, but I caught a glimpse of him while he was entering his apartment. On his way inside the door, he said, "Don't look at me, they'll know what I look like!" He was in a hurry to go inside it seemed and very fearful. I had only briefly talked with him on one occasion 2 months prior to the night of the sighting and have since moved away from the area. After looking back at the UFO which was still there hovering steady without any apparent wobbling motion, I walked to the other side of the parking lot to look at the stars in the western sky and saw what appeared to be numerous shooting stars falling straight down to Earth in various directions on the horizon both West and East of my location while 5-7 lights or what looked like stars or star-sized lights that were stationary seemed to rotate clockwise and counterclockwise periodically. Four of these stars seemed particulary active in localized movements. They seemed to form a isoceles trapezoidal shape in the sky with the two bottom lights. It appeared as if the bottom two lights were closer to Earth than the top two.

I watched the sky for about 5 minutes while I finished my cigar then turned back to my apartment. The disk was gone without any trace that it had been there. No fog remained. Total event time was about 20 minutes. No evidence of anything the day after. No other witnesses observed the objects except for my neighbor and I.
