{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-13 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116480","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4173,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5286900.json","updb_database_id":5286900}
Small Floating Blue Light

I witnessed a small blue light (T=0), I initially thought was an electronic led due to location in the room (near computer desk). The light turned on and off after 5 or 6 seconds roughly and appeared to be moving a few inches each time it turned on. I was perplexed assuming it was an electronic led, in an attempt to turn the "led" light off, (T=15) I turned on the bedroom light to identify the problem. I looked around the computer desk, but the electronics where off; furthermore no led's were present in the location where I witnessed the light.
Perplexed I turned off the lights and went back to bed. The light kept appearing and turning off for several seconds at a time. I had work the next day and while I was not tired per say I knew sleeping more would be beneficial to my next day, so I ignored the light, (T=23) . I closed my eyes, but It seemed I was still able to see what was in front of me. It was like I was able see with my eyes closed, I looked several degrees to both side with laying down with my eyes closed and It was like my eyes were open. I was a bit confused as to why I was able to see with my eyes closed. I reopened them and I could see the same thing. I closed my eyes again and I could still see. I was still confused and opened them again, I could still see (background). I closed my eyes again and I saw what I could describe a grey aliens face; there was no background just the face of a grey alien. Its eyes where a bit smaller than typically depicted, triangular jawline, and a rounder head. The image was grey (black/white) with no background, just the head of a grey alien. 
I looked up and again saw the blue light at this point it was just Turning on and off and seemingly moving several inches each time. The light would only stay illuminated for roughly 7-8 seconds before turning off again. Initially it would only turn back on when I closed my eyes. Eventually I grew tired of the light after watching it for 10 more minutes roughly. 
I ended up falling asleep on the left side of my body facing the door for an unknown amount of time I would assume roughly 2 hours. I woke up to a strong electrocution on the right side of my neck. Only to witness the blue light doing somewhat the same thing, turn on and off for a few seconds, after a few times of turning on and off the light started flying in a 3D figure eight for an extended period of time. I pinched my leg as I feel I needed to test my conscious mind, I felt the pain. I proceeded to move my head several feet in each direction (side to side & back and forth) as I had my torso and head off the mattress; checking depth perception as the light seemed to by flying in 3D and not a reflection off the wall. Watching its movement as I was moving indicated to me it was moving thru the air in 3D. (I was completely sober)
The next night I witnessed the light defusing like a gas while still giving off a less luminescent glow as it defused thru the air and would reconcentrate back to a smaller brighter blue point of light. It did this roughly 3 time and on the 3rd time after defusing and concentrating it shined a bright blue beam of light directly into my eyes. 
On another night I was able to watch the light turn back on as it would only turn on when I closed my eyes. I Was able to squint my eyes while lowering my head to reduce reflection off the retina. I watched it reappear several times. The light seems intelligent, I could watch it for some time 10-20 minutes and it would not necessary turn back on. 
I will try to find the more specific date
