{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-01-24 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98061","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2760,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5462900.json","updb_database_id":5462900}
{jpg} object was hovering in the sky, it did not move

I was letting the dogs and I walked out into the back yard. I did NOT have my lights on when I noticed a bright object in the sky. At first I thought it was a star. As I looked at it I noticed it was "blinking" or maybe turning as the lights changed color and appeared to move. I went inside and I told my wife "There is a UFO out in the night sky, come out here and look with me." She came out side and looked and where the object was hovering. She said it looked to her like it was "flashing" lights. At this time I went inside and got my binoculars to get a better look. You could see the object a little better but for me, I could NOT seem to focus on the object. My wife looked through the binoculars and she saw blinking red, green, blue and white lights. She said maybe pulsing might be a better description. After looking at it for about 5 minutes we both noticed another object that was acting the same way. While watching it my wife and I saw a small white light (but it wasn't a light, it was an object) shoot out from it and disappear or accelerate out of our view. We watched this going on for over 40-45 minutes. 

While viewing this object we could see airplanes or jet planes flying, so I know it was not a plane or jet. I look into the say ALL the time and know star systems and stars and planets. It was not any of these. In other words what we were seeing was an object we could not identify from our scope of knowledge. I have flown several different types of remote control vehicles, and I am sure this was not a remote controlled vehicle. Simply because it did not move. It only appeared to hover. There are NO remote control vehicles that can "fly" or "hover" for over 40 minutes. 

I kept trying to think of things it might be, and I could not explain what I was looking at. Another point to make is I am not sure how far away it was. There was no frame of reference to compare it with. Because it was night there are no objects to estimate size or distance. I know that my binoculars could not bring the object close enough to see the object much better than me eyes.

Thank you
