{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-12-16 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5516900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"41206","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3497,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5516900.json","updb_database_id":5516900}
{nd} UFO on ground

The event happened in mid December of 2010, between approximately 2-3am. I witnessed the event in my job capacity, which involved driving at night. I turned left off an artery road onto a side street. Proceeded to make a right turn after a short distance. Finished the aspect of my job that had me in that area. Reversed my course. Came to the intersection where I would now be making a left turn. There is a small extension on the other side of this cross street with 2 or 3 houses on either side. There is also a curving road, to the right, that leads to a church a little bit of distance away. Also there is a large empty field to the left. In the field only a short distance past the road, from my view, was the object. It was diamond in shape, fully 3 dimensional. It had facets that I could make out, on both the upper and lower parts of the object. But the edges of the facets were not sharp, the edges appeared fuzzy. The object was clear to a degree. The object was green, but that came from the lights that appeared to be inside of it. The "interior", the best way i can define it, contained what appeared to be hundreds of green laser like beams endlessly moving. Now I could understand if the lights were refracting from the facets, but they did not move in a straight lines. The all moved in completely random fashions. Movements were very spastic, but they did not appear to break the "surface". These lights were how I could define features of the objects. After observing the object for about a minute, 1 or 2 of the "lasers" appeared to flash out at me, they refracted off my windshield. When that happened, I made my turn, and left the area as quickly as I thought was prudent. The only physiological response I had was a bit of shaking from fear/adrenalin. I didn't notice any other effects. I don't know if there was any sound as I had the radio turned up a little loud. I have only told 2 or 3 of my closest friends of this event. In each instance they asked me if there was the possibility that it was a holiday display since it was that time of the year. My answer is no, no light display i have ever seen looked like that, and it was past any house that would have had a display. Also, I had to return to that area numerous times between that day and the new year. This was the only instance of the objects appearance. Going to this location was a daily occurence for myself, and those I worked with, on a rotating schedule. No one else ever mentioned seeing something. Also i had no drugs, or alcohol in my system. I was quite sober. It left an indelable mark on my memory as it was something abnormal in the extreme to any experience i had before or since. I did have a cell phone with both photo and video capabilities. But the proximity of the object, in my estimation, precluded me from retrieving it to take a photo or video, and mataining my safety.
