{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-21 20:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523900","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32015","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3317,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/900/mufon-5523900.json","updb_database_id":5523900}
bright orange balls of light over Dartmoor, Devon.

I noticed bright glowing lights in the sky from my home in St Dominick, Cornwall as I was walking through a dark room that has beautiful vast views of Dartmoor. I clearly noticed them how bright they were in the night sky from the house as soon as i entered the lounge but I had no idea what could cause such a sight. I went out into the garden for a better view... 

I saw a small cluster of glowing yellow/orange objects over west Dartmoor. The objects were a good few miles away from my viewpoint from St Dominick, difficult to tell the altitude but the objects looked large. They seemed to "flicker" and were very bright. The most I saw in the cluster at any point was 4 but they would fade in and out randomly and independently of each other over a second or 2 only to reappear a minute of so later. There did seem to be one slightly larger/brighter ball that seemed to stay visible longer than the others over the 15 or so minutes I watched the lights. For the most part the lights did not seem to move except for one point where 2 of the lights seemed to converge with the slightly brighter/larger orange ball. I could almost make out a shape of craft but it was very difficult to see clearly, despite the objects being intensely bright. 

I tried to call my neighbours from my mobile as my family where on holiday. After failing to reach the neighbours I desperately called a couple of friends who lived on dartmoor to tell them what I was witnessing. I found the sight very exciting although I tried my hardest to remain level-headed and try and figure out what it was that I was seeing. The objects faded out quite quickly and I assumed they would come back again like they had been doing so for the duration of the sighting but they never did. 

I have seen chinese lanterns, flares, fireworks, all sorts of celestial activity, planes of all kinds and this looked like nothing I've ever seen before. Somebody mentioned that it could possibly have been "night drops" from military parachuting exercises over Dartmoor, but I'm not convinced this theory either.

However, I did see a relatively low flying helicopter with red strobes, which seemed to be flying around the sky, but not linearly in one direction. I'd say it was kinda between me and the objects in distance and did come back around on itself a minute or later. I didn't pay much attention to where it entered or exited as I was more focused on the balls of light. 

I wished I hadn't lost my iPhone as my old camera phone was too poor quality to pick anything up. Never seen anything like that ever. Very strange and very exciting to see. I'd been keen to hear from anyone else who saw what I saw...
