{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-10-09 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5498678","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"60495","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2395,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/678/mufon-5498678.json","updb_database_id":5498678}
{nd} Clear unambiguous sighting of large disc

I have an outdoor location that I use nightly for meditation and sky watching. I have had many sighting of lights moving very high in the sky, much to high for an airplane, some of which are likely satellites but it is impossible to tell. However, last night as I was preparing to begin mediation I saw what looked like a large undefined black spot, almost looked like static on a monitor, emerging from a large cloud. I actually rubbed my eyes twice trying to make sense of what I was seeing. As it moved closer the the static dissipated revealing a very large disc, my best guess at size would be approximately 100ft across, and the dark color gradually lightened until it was exactly matched to the cloud it emerged from, a flat primer looking grey and it progressively came into sharper and sharper focus. It became sharp in focus but never fully became totally solid, it had a "cloaked' look to it, I couldn't see through it, but it had a transparency at the same time. After it emerged from the cloud it made a wide arc in it's decent to the left turning fully sideways and flattened back out as it moved back to the right, it's path would've drawn a "C", it came to a brief stop and hovered for only a moment. At its lowest point and closest point to me it would've been only a couple of hundred feet away from me. After the very brief moment that it hovered it began ascending straight up in a spiral path directly into the brightness of the moon. As it ascended it became progressively more transparent until it was no longer visible. Unfortunately, it happened and was over so fast I was unable to get any video or photos. I decided to make the report in the event it would provide some corroboration for anyone else saw it, if anyone else did see it.
