{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-22 14:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5491678","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67883","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4016,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/678/mufon-5491678.json","updb_database_id":5491678}
{dr}I said that I am Lucifer while talking to someone on the phone. I heard a strange noise and was visited by some being and also physically affected.

First off I will start by saying that I did not see a UFO. I was contacted by some sort of advanced intelligence by saying a certain name over the phone. I was just sitting at the kitchen table of the residence I used to live and I was talking to a friend. What makes this encounter stranger is the fact that we were talking about religion, spirituality, extraterrestrials and my friend expressed to me that she thought that a worm hole could be something in a persons mind, not necessarily in space. While having this conversation the kitchen phone rings, it is another friend that is wondering if I could come pick her up from school. While talking to her I am talking in a slightly altered voice just trying to joke around. She tells me to stop joking around that she knows its me and I reply back with "No, I am Lucifer". After I say this I hear a strange noise in the phone and the line disconnects. As soon as I lose the call my friend I was having the multiple topic debate with instantly shows me the new tattoo she had gotten on her neck/shoulder area. It was an upside down Pisces fish that also resembled a rabbits head. Instantly I thought of the movie the Matrix, because of Neo following the white rabbit. This event is strange to because I have been perplexed with the movie the Matrix and also wondering what exactly the real Matrix is and also why the world works the way it does. The following few weeks I was encountered and communicated with a being that shortly discussed the existence of the human race and in the same conversation instantly flipped the script and wondered what I was doing in its territory. It had the capability to shift to other people and speak through them, or either somehow alter what I was hearing. Since the incident I have had strange side effects such as extreme pressure in my head, almost like it is radiating. Crazy throbbing in my feet, almost like something is moving around or radiating in them. The strangest effect though has been with my eyes, it seems since I heard the noise in the phone it made colors more vibrant and lights way more illuminated. The entity was only around for about 2 weeks, but the physical side effects have remained. I don't know really what happened or what I was talking to, but it has really affected me psychologically because I don't know why I was contacted. It seems that it was predestined for the encounter to happen though. I say that because if that exact friend wasn't there on that exact day, when I had that exact phone call and I said that specific name, and she showed me that kind of astrological/spiritual tattoo. Its just really overwhelming and I don't know why it happened to me. To be honest it has been driving me crazy and I just want some help from some like minded individuals that could possibly give me some insight on what exactly happened, or at least attempt to. The past few months have been a very frustrating and lonely time for me because this type of event is so overwhelmingly out of the ordinary. It just doesn't compute with normal everyday reality and has made it really hard for me to be normal because this event was so weird and mind boggling. I appreciate you taking the time to analyze my story and I hope to hear back from you soon, thanks!
