{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-01-18 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5496678","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"62712","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2884,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/678/mufon-5496678.json","updb_database_id":5496678}
Oversized orb flies past my house in Rhymney Valley, South Wales, UK

At 20:10 I picked up a takeaway and decided to drive through the street I live en route to my girlfriend's house. 

We've had a bit of snow fall in the area recently and as there were no clouds, the sky appeared a little lighter than usual. As I approached the street I live in I noticed a large orangeish ball of light in the distance moving left to right (NW to NE) before I even got to my house the object changed course to south and such an angle, it would be too sharp a turn for a standard helicopter.

This freaked me out so much I sped to my house where I quickly got out an rushed inside to get my mother to come see. She was annoyed thinking I was exaggerating. However as soon as she stepped foot outside she was silent. 

This sphere-like object was not only now travelling in a straight line at a constant speed approximately 20-30 degrees above the horizon but it also was spinning changing colour to blue and white. The eerie thing was there was no sound?! 

It was then I took my iPhone out and attempted to film it. As with all sightings, the footage is very poor quality but you can tell by how much I was freaked out by this by my hand shaking on the camera. The object was not moving in all directions. It was a straight line.

I posted the video on Facebook where someone commented they had seen it on it's flightpath south of my location.

I've seen a few documentaries in my time and am aware what a weather balloon can look like. This looked nothing like it.The fact that it was going in such a straight line suggests it was controlled ruling out a lantern as well.

Logically I would think it must be a helicopter/drone. I am aware there have been a lot of helicopters flying over in the past with the search light on so I know what that looks like. This was at least 3 x bigger than a helicopter could be and too close to be a plane. Drones are relatively small so I'm not even going to consider this, but like I said earlier there was no sound so it was definitely not one of these.

I am seriously freaked out by this so would love to know exactly what this was...Any thoughts??
