{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-05-21 10:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518678","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38347","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4713,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/678/mufon-5518678.json","updb_database_id":5518678}
UFO witnessed over Mt.Rubidoux, Riverside, CA for approximately 40 minutes

My friend and I were walking home from downtown Riverside, CA. At approximately 10:05am, I looked up and saw a round white orb floating/hovering in the sky over Mt.Rubidoux...just a little to the right of a small dead tree on the side of the mountain. To be honest, I was just planning to look at the mountain as I have a thing for mountains. I looked at it for a moment and finally told my friend to look up as the object appeared to just be hovering. After about 20 seconds I decided to pull out my Kodak Play Sport Camera...that I always carry with me as I love to take pictures of my surroundings. I started filming; however, I did not have my glasses on and could not see anything through my view finder, thus I only took a 19 second video clip from this vantage point. The friend I was with suggested, I take still photos rather than video (which can be heard on the video) and then look at them when I get home to see what the object is by zooming in on the object if I actually got it in the picture frame. At first, I thought...maybe it is a star...but I love looking into the sky at daytime and night time and I have never seen a star in this location at this time during the day. Due to the brightness, maybe it could be a meteor...but this had no tail, nor did it appear to be moving. Then the idea of a plane was in my mind...but again...this object was hovering...it was not flying in any direction when I first started my observation. Eventually, I thought it could be a balloon...but again...the object just hovered....it did not move up or down nor did it move side to side...it was stationary for at least 10 minutes. I then thought...maybe it is a weather balloon...but again...it did not move and it appeared to be too low for this type of activity. Additionally, the object was too high to be a hot air balloon. The object itself over the 40 minute time frame appeared to be round but could change shape to triangle,square or diamond shape. Now over the next 40 minutes, my friend and I walked from Mt. Rubidoux across the bridge and to a fast food place (Bakers) on Mission Blvd and up to Limonite. During that walk, I took 12 still pictures from different locations and 2 separate videos...one being 19 seconds long and the other being 39 seconds long. I personally would have watched this object even longer and taken more photos and videos if my friend was not wanting so much to get home before the heat became unbearable...after all, we were on a 6 mile walk. Yet in the time we did look at this object it did eventually move northward very slowly...in fact, we went into Bakers and when exiting about 10 minutes later, we could still see the orb. Also, during our viewing, I saw at least 2 airliner (jets) fly by...so commercial jets did have an opportunity to witness this object as well. As far as making any noise...neither of us heard anything. Eventually, I lost sight of the orb once I got to Limonite and the sun was in my eyes...making it too difficult to see at this point. However, I do have to say, when I got home and looked at my photos something interesting appears. Remember, at the time, I saw only one object...and that is also noted in the first 19 second video; however, in my first still picture...there is a second object off to the right and when zoomed in you can see a very solid object and yet when I took my second still picture...the second object is gone. We are talking literally seconds from picture to picture and I did not see or hear anything at the time. Yet for this object to be missing in the video and then in the first picture but not in the second picture it had to be traveling so fast that we just could not have seen it. That is it. So yes, I do have pictures and videos from different locations and I used trees, telephone poles, light poles and the mountain as reference points...so it can be verified. I also did not erase them from my camera so if real scientist want to observe it and get the data from the original pictures and video they have that to reference as well.
