{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-03-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492678","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66852","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2867,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/678/mufon-5492678.json","updb_database_id":5492678}
{rjl} Appeared like a star, then was on top of us and gave chase

It was around 9:00 PM and my husband and I and our 4 year old son were going to run up to the store. We were on Cherokee Trail heading into town (Tallassee) when I pointed and said "look at that beautiful star" (way up in the eastern/south eastern sky) and just about as soon as I said that, the "star" zoomed (for lack of a better word) to about 20 or 30 yards away from us, running parallel to our truck at about tree-top level. It continued to follow us for about 2 miles and it changed speeds to stay in course with us (when we slowed it slowed, when we sped up, it sped up). This whole time my husband and I were discussing what it could possibly be and the suggestion of a helicopter or some kind of aircraft came up so we decided to stop to see if we could hear anything or just to check it out. When we stopped it went down about 50 yards in front of us (it was still parallel with us at this time) then it came over the top of the trees and hovered in the middle of the road about 50 yards in front of us and just sat there (kind of like some sort of stand-off). We rolled our windows down to see if we could hear anything and there was no sound at all. We sat there for about a minute and that's when we began to get seriously scared. So we turned the truck around and we proceeded to go back towards our house and then it started following us, getting closer and closer to our bumper. My husband continued to accelerate and we got upwards about 90 mph and by that time it was within inches of our bumper. We continued that speed all the way back to the house, then we turned right into the driveway and it turned left and went over behind some trees about 100 yards away. We got out of the truck and I ran our son inside. My husband claims that he could see still see its lights through the trees. My husband soon came inside also. Then we went back out and it was gone. We went into town later that night and asked the gas station clerk if she had seen anything or if anyone else had come in with strange sightings and she said no. We were the only ones on that road that night also. And evidently no one else saw what we did because there was never any mentions of any strange activity that night.
