{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-07-30 22:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490678","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"68901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3355,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/678/mufon-5490678.json","updb_database_id":5490678}
{nd} A silent bright light flies over the house in Rockford. Makes abrupt turn.

We were housesitting for my partners' parents home in Rockford. Two years ago we had a the same type of sighting at that house that followed me around all over Michigan for over a week. I was waiting to see if it would happen again, and it did. I had the tripod set up and was taking long exposure shots of the area, and full moon when I first noticed it pop in. I immediately started taking pictures at first it was really low on the horizon, just over the trees much lower than the passenger planes we saw that night. I took a series of 10 second exposure shots, I wanted to show its movement. It took a few shots to get my tripod steady, even the slightest movement from the camera operations can be enough to make light trails. The light was stationary at first, the only reason it looks like it is moving in the first two photos is because of the camera's movements. It was quite bright early on. We believe it was over the SW end of a lake that is back behind the house. By then I had gotten my tripod steady, and self timer working correctly. It then moved left out of sight. Two minutes later it appeared in a blink of an eye and started flying NE over the house. In the long exposure shot where you can see it turning I had the camera set to 30 seconds. So that is the distance it traveled in 30 seconds. I felt like it knew we were there, and I signaled it with a UV laser. We had multiple sightings of the same craft over a few days. I could only upload so much so the rest can be given to the field investigator at a later time. 
In the first video we forgot the camera when we ran through the house, but in it you can see the craft after it's gone you can see a plane and clearly see the difference. I have two more video from another night that I couldn't upload.
