{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-11 18:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484678","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75139","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3106,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/678/mufon-5484678.json","updb_database_id":5484678}
{nd} Saw 3 star like stationary objects forming an inverted V over Mt. Nittany on clear night. Top right object disappeared after approx. 45 seconds. Bottom object moved slowly up then towards the west over my car and out of view, then disappeared.

I was driving east on bypass 322 at about 6:45 pm. I was driving by myself and going home from the store. It was a clear night, and the sky was a dark blue straight ahead. When I reached the top of a hill not quite to the hospital, I saw three star like objects above Mt. Nittany. When I first saw them, I thought they were stars, but something didn't seem right. I had never seen three "North Star Like" stars, (large and very bright) so close together and forming an inverted triangle at that location. From the time I first saw them, to the time I had to change lanes and look away and veer right to get on exit ramp, it was approximately 45 seconds. These objects never moved during this time, but when I looked up again, after getting on ramp, the top right object completely disappeared. Again, it was a clear night, no clouds nothing obstructs view here. I turned right unto College Ave to then make a left quick unto Elmwood towards Lemont. During this time, the bottom object was moving very slowly up, (I had to carefully look to my left and kind of back to see this as I drove. Luckily the stretch of College Ave is short there, and I had a green light) and by the time I turned the left unto Elmwood, it was still moving very very slowly up. At this point the objects were straight ahead. I was driving on Elmwood for maybe 30 seconds to light at Branch Road. I sat at red light, put my window down, for a couple seconds as I watched this object slowly move to right now. I turned right at green light down Branch Road. Object went over my head and West. I heard no sounds coming from object. Seemed closer to ground some how. Did it descend? I lost track of object as it passed over my car and I had to turn left up a hill. I thought that by the time I got to top of hill, I would be able to see where it had gone.
At top of hill, got out of car, and could not see any such object anywhere. Looked East and watched the last object for a couple minutes and it never moved. 
As I think about these objects, I am perplexed. They weren't stars because one completely disappeared, and the other moved and disappeared. Could they have been planes? No, they were stationary for 45 seconds and I heard no engine. I really have no clue what they were!!
