{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497678","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61665","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3624,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/678/mufon-5497678.json","updb_database_id":5497678}
{dr}Burning White Light (Sphere/Orb approx. 3' diameter ) hovering 3 feet off the ground, scanned an object, vanished thru a window-like portal. 4-5 Tiny blue lights 20' behind the Light Orb moving in a string-like manner.

February 2014 - 11 P.M. - I noticed nearby lights flicker on, then off, from about 15 feet away I witnessed a Burning White Light (Sphere/Orb approx. 3' diameter ) hovering 3 feet off the ground, emitting a blue horizontal fan shaped light beam that scanned an object from one end to the other then vanished thru a window-like portal that closed in a small sparkle of light. Additionally, behind the Light Sphere,approximately 20', there were 4-5 Quarter size blue lights moving together in a string-like manner. My impression was that the small lights were controlling the Sphere's actions. Event duration approximately 1 minute.

After this event I began to look a little closer at other happenings in the area, here's a brief list of some of the things that I have noticed since the first sighting of the Light Sphere:

July 2014 - 9 P.M. -Light Sphere hovering on Ko`olau mountain range across the street from residential properties. Event duration approximately 3-5 minutes.

August 2014 - Present/On-going:
-Unusual Activity with the Stars - A closer look at the stars in the area at night revealed a significant number of them weren't star at all, they appear to be various colored (red, blue, white, yellow) Orb-like lights with some kind of a semitransparent halo with black dots covering them. These false stars flash constantly red, blue, white, yellow throughout the night until pre-dawn morning. Using an $80 point and shoot camera, Canon Power Shot SX160 IS, I was able to capture over 1,000 startling pictures since August 2014. No editing other than zoom/crop were used on any of the photos. See attachment(s)

-Just to see what I could catch, I set up a SONY HANDYCAM with Night Shot (IR) as a monitor camera into a VCR recorder, then a DVD DV recorder, pointed it out the window and recorded throughout the night. Month's of recording has revealed extremely distressing video. Video may be submitted to a Mufon investigator upon request.

September 2014 - Light Symbol/Image projected onto multiple windows of one property which broadcasted the image onto the walls of another local property. A blackboard was held up between the path of the sun and the windows, the image was broadcasted onto the blackboard ruling out window glass distortions. Event duration approximately 2 weeks. See attachment(s)

Request for a MUFON FIELD INVESTIGATOR to make contact, please
