{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-18 06:40:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497808","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61528","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2493,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/808/mufon-5497808.json","updb_database_id":5497808}
{rjl} Spotted an object zig zagging in distance. It drifted closer and hovered above the trees. Was this a dream? Abduction?

I had just gotten back to my apartment around 6:30AM after taking my girlfriend home so she could get to work. I work later hours so I decided to get more sleep. After resting in bed for a few minutes, I rolled onto my left side and almost immediately entered a 'trans-like' state. I felt paralyzed. (This felt different than my common episodes of sleep paralysis as I felt very aware and calm). My eye caught a light that was zig-zagging around way out in the distance. It resembled a star. I recognized it as a UFO right away and became fixated on the object. Within a couple seconds the object zoomed in right above the tree line outside my window and slowed down to a hover. There were no lights coming from it now. It was a dark black/grey saucer. I was in complete awe. I thought "Oh my god. This is insane." But I was not scared. It was quite beautiful. I felt very open and wanted to understand. Just as it was hovering, I had this intense feeling of being 'lifted' or expelled from my position. It was beyond anything I can explain. The intense feeling escalated and suddenly I 'awoke' to a loud slam from what sounded like it came from inside my head. I was laying on my right side this time facing the door (away from the window). I didn't see it leave. The whole experience felt like I had almost 'reeled it in'. It oddly felt arranged. The only other experience I've had was back when I was about 10. I saw a golden UFO in the countryside with small orbs circling it. However, my latest experience has left me feeling very anxious and sick to my stomach all day. Was this abduction? A weird dream? I can't recall anything between that intense feeling and then coming out of it. The whole experience probably lasted about 10 seconds, but it felt longer than that.
