{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2017-11-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5469808","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"90704","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2350,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/808/mufon-5469808.json","updb_database_id":5469808}
{cak} I noticed what looked like a holographic projection of a small gray looking at me through my window at home. Iwalked outside to investigate. I lost two days of my life.

The night of November 22nd 2017, I was sitting at my kitchen table studying. After ignoring a feeling of being watched. I looked at one of the living room windows. I noticed an image of a small, not of this world being waiving at me. This appeared to me to look like a holographic projection. I walked out side to my carport and looked up into the sky. I noticed a bright orb or star that was moving towards me. The only thing I can remember up till now is the colors of the star. They were more prismatic and rainbow colored. This light hit me right between the eyes and I heard the weirdest noise I have ever heard. Maybe similar to a vacuum pop. All of the neighborhood dogs went crazy. I know the night sky and all the stars started swirling as if you had removed the strainer from a sink of water, then the pop sound. As I turned around to walk back in my house. I was light headed, nauseated and my vision was very blurry. My wife was still watching tv. I joined her. Grabbed my phone. As I was waking my phone. I noticed the date was November 24th 2017. My wife hadn't noticed I was gone. This has left me with a very disturbing feeling. I have no idea of where I went or how. I am open to other dimensions and parallel universes. Since this has happened. I have been receiving messages. Visions. I am an artist and I have been illustrating these messages. I feel as if my mind is being downloaded with information that I have real memory of. I am reaching out because I know there has to be others. I am interested in who I can contact for possible hypnotic memory regression.
