{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2022-01-31 19:49:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5282808","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"120639","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2850,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/808/mufon-5282808.json","updb_database_id":5282808}
Object glowed with fuzzy blurred edges. Like the moon out of focus. No clouds anywhere. stars including on horizon were bright and pinpointed.

I was watching television and noticed out of the corner of my eye a bright light through large doors in the living room facing north west. I thought an airplane had bright landing lights on which I’ve never seen here before - airplanes yes but nothing that bright. We live on a small mountain with no trees on top and have a large expansive view of the sky. I walked to the door and looked closer. What was strange was that the light was blurry and fuzzy like a full moon that’s very out of focus. I have very good eyesight so that couldn’t explain it. It was moving slowly from northeast to west. I grabbed my phone, stepped outside and started videoing. Important to note: #1 the object looks smaller on video than with my naked eye. #2 when you see the blurry object in the video, the object was actually that blurry to the naked eye, the video is not out of focus. The other pinpointed lights below the orb-like object are home security lights on the house on the mountain across from us. You can hear a car going down the road in the background. When the orb-like object goes behind a tree you can see the branches of the tree in front of the object, I move my location slightly to try to get a better angle through the tree branches. The object seems to change direction slightly Southwest towards a large mountain on the horizon. A few times the glow EXPANDS somewhat outward from the center of the orb in one direction, which you cannot see well in the video but can somewhat see if you zoom in. With my naked eye the light expansion was much more obvious. That happens mostly towards the end of the video. Finally, you can see it go down below the mountain and disappear. I am very skeptical by nature, however I’ve never seen anything like this and couldn’t even begin to explain what it could’ve been. The most odd thing about this is that there were no clouds whatsoever in the sky even on the horizon so it’s blurry nature and expanding light was baffling.
