{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-02-14 18:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5527808","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"27806","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3960,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/808/mufon-5527808.json","updb_database_id":5527808}
Objects suddenly appear out of seemingly no where. Stay in one relative place for hours on end with little movement, before eventually fading away.

Starting about a month ago, I became aware of these strange glowing lights in the sky when I looked out the second story window of my house in Bartlett, Illinois. Living here for 19 years, and knowing that O'Hare Airport is in that direction, I thought nothing of it. I thought they were probably just planes or helicopters. It was strange, as I had not seen anything like this before, though. That's what stuck out at me. These objects stayed in one relative spot. They moved, but not erratically. Just slightly around each other. I noticed they would stay in patterns. Either these objects would form a triangular configuration, or take a linear configuration. I thought this was something pretty strange if they were conventional aircraft. I also noticed that they don't blink. They glow, and slightly flicker. These objects would appear out of nowhere starting around 6 PM CST, and they would stay for hours, usually ending around 9 PM CST. I have never seen these objects during the day. On February 14, 2010, I decided to try to record them (for a second time), as they appeared at dusk instead of the usual night time, and it would be easier for my camera to capture them. After recording the video, I uploaded it to my computer. I took a screenshot of a scene in the video, put it into Photoshop, and used the "emboss" effect to see exactly what shape these objects took. What I saw really surprised me. They were showing up as spheres. Six of them, in a triangular pattern with three smaller ones in the middle. When my sightings first started, there were only 3 of these lights visible. As time has progressed, these sightings have become more and more frequent, with more objects. Now almost nightly, I can see at least 5 of them, and usually no more than 8. As I have stated, these objects will stay for hours on end. I have watched these objects closely hoping to catch them doing some crazy UFO-like behavior, like zooming back up into space, but all they do is kind of "fade out," and I lose sight of them. This does not happen EVERY night, but close to it now. Seeing these objects make me more confused than anything. If they are planes, how are they visible for so long? Why don't the lights get bigger as they get closer, or smaller as they get farther? If they are helicopters, why do they glow instead of blink or flash? Why do they show up in the EXACT same spot so frequently, and hover for so long? Why don't I ever see them move anywhere, except around each other in a relative manner? I will attach the original screen shot taken from my video, the embossed version of the screen shot, and the video itself so you can decide. You can also check out the link at the end of this to see my discussion with other people, who have confirmed the lights are not a radio tower or something of the like. What they are remains a mystery to me.

*(Link moved to Additional Evidence Section--CMS/sg).
