{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-06-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495808","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63618","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/808/mufon-5495808.json","updb_database_id":5495808}
{rjl} 5 white orbs of lights that passed by me at 3' off the ground and came with in 1' of me and my friend.

My friend and I back in 1992, parked his pickup truck into a parking spot at Autumn ridge apartments around 1am (The parking spot was all the way in the back along the tree line). I just got out of the passenger side and shut the door and I stood in an open parking spot next to my friends truck and noticed a light coming from the front of the car parked to the right of the open parking spot that I was standing in (my friend walked aroun the rear of the truck and stood about 8' behind where I was standing). All of the sudden I saw an orb of white light close to the size of a volleyball and about as bright at a 60 watt bulb start to move from the front the car to my right and went toward the front of my friends truck, but the made a sharp 90 degree left turn toward me. Then the next orb came from in front of my friends truck and made a 90 degree turn to the right and got in line with the one in front of it. The 3rd orb came from the front of the car( parked to my right) and also did the same as the first orb and got in line with the others , the 4th orb came from the front of my friends truck, and the 5th orb came from the front of the car to my right. They were all about 3 Feet off the ground and moved passed me ( as they passed by me they came with in 2 feet away and the speed was like a slow walking pace, and made Absolutely no noise), and went straight up to my friend, when they got with in inches of my friend one at a time they disappeared. I then said to my friend " what the hell was that "and he shouted back to me "I'm glad you saw it". I could of put my hand out to touch them but I was more curious to see what they were going to do and didn't want to disturb there movement (They move independently from each other but also move in formation). Because of how close we were to the orbs I am 100% certain that it wasn't some reflection, or something man made. What we saw was deffinatly not that originated for this planet.
