{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-03-25 20:50:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483808","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76044","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3745,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/808/mufon-5483808.json","updb_database_id":5483808}
{jpg} A bright blue light that suddenly changed direction when it noticed me. Came at me.

I was going outside to get my dog from a corral we have in our backyard, as I was heading outside I had a flashlight (small) and my dogs leash. I had just passed one of my neighbors trees when I heard a sudden angry hiss come from it. This startled me and I originally thought it was a cat but there are only dogs in my neighborhood. (My cat was the last cat here before he passed away) I backed away from the tree and from the corner of my eye I saw movement, turning to my left which was facing SE I saw a bright blue light rapidly climb into the air from it's position that I first saw it. Then it came towards me, it was small so I knew I had some time to run back to my house. I turned around and started to shout/say "Nope, nope. No way! I am going inside, nope!" Mainly as a way to get myself to move faster and because this was the second time I witnessed the object. I didn't turn around because the moment you look back is when s*** goes down. I was scared and excited but mainly not wanting to deal with the object, I didn't want to have any confrontation with it and was more interested in heading back in.

My house is close to the corral, no more than maybe a distance of 30-50 feet away from the house. Right next to the corral is a storeroom that has lights, a ceiling fan and flood lights on the outside. They use to be motion sensitive but were replaced with a simple switch to bring down the cost. After returning to the house I went to my parents room and informed my mother that the light was back. I had told her about the first time I had seen the light and hoped to show it to her. I figured it was safer if someone was with me than simply going back out there on my own. Once back outside which took a while, mainly because she wanted to wait for a commercial break in her soap opera we were outside. This took about five to eight minutes at the most. Outside the neighbors to my right, which was the area the light was coming from, were no longer outside. Their lights were off and their blinds shut tight. I don't know but I think that they saw it coming as well. 

It is very note worthy for me to say that at the time of this incident and the previous one that my neighbors were outside with the lights on, then after I went back outside with my mother the lights were completely off. The first time I had seen it I did go back outside but by myself and noticed that the lights were promptly shut off and they were inside with the blinds closed. This is rather strange because they usually don't bother to close the blinds because we live out in the desert and no one bothers us. 

I know that the light is a craft, the origin I do not know. I have seen different crafts before this but none had ever come towards me and there was an incident when I was a child that makes me feel that there is more to the world than what we see everyday. I really hope that it doesn't come back but at the same time I want it to come back so I can take a picture or record it. For all I know this could be fine and nothing will happen to me.
