{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1973-07-15 17:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489808","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69801","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/808/mufon-5489808.json","updb_database_id":5489808}
{jpg} Elongated shape 35' wide hollow center with lights surrounding shape and flasking in sequence

With 5 witnesses (including myself); I was in my front yard climbing an apple tree. The yard has no other trees so the view is clear. Across the street from our house is a golf course. Hillview Country Club. Directly across from our house was the club garage where lawn mowers and equipment are stored (since 1973 this structure has been removed). While in the tree a structure to the right of the garage building was a craft with an elongated shape. The craft was just shy of the length of the garage and hovered about 30 feet off the ground perfectly still, perfectly silent. There were orange lights (or close to orange) sequentially flashing around the craft shape. While the 5 of us observed it for about 30 seconds (seemed like minutes) we shouted UFO!. The craft, in a split second was hovering above the apple tree about 20 feet above the tree (still no sound and perfectly still). All 5 of us screamed and jumped from the tree. The craft shot of to the left as fast as a bullet (meaning not a visible path with the naked eye, but more like disappearing.) At the time this was all happening in the 1 minute of time, our parents were just around the corner of the house under a carport drinking beer and socializing. We (the 5 of us) ran to our parents screaming. When our parents asked what was wrong we told the we just saw a UFO. They said "go play" of course not believing a bit of it. From what I have heard in the days folowing is that this same type of craft was seen the same night over the drive-in movie theater movie screen. The drive-in was named Starlite Drive-in and is now a supermarket parking lot, but Star-lite car wash still resides there. Over the past 20 years or so I have been trying to find a report or news article about the drive-in sighting but have not come up with anything. After this day there were strange sightings at our house [location moved to FI section/CMS/jpg]Visible human looking things for a lack of a better term. They had no face but looked more like a mannequin. This is what I believed to be a ghost at that age, but now being an adult, I feel both are connected somehow. One thing that was interesting about the location of this sighting is that the house to the right (on map) had a large radio antenna that was about 100 feet in the air, and several houses down the street had the same antenna. When I think back on this moment in my life; I feel that what ever or whoever this craft was, may have seen these antennas and were just seeing what type of structures were in the area. Just a though that has stuck with me.
