{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:37:26.809379+00:00", "engine": "beautifulsoup4", "engine_mode": "html-main-text", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-html/v1", "source_bytes": 79128, "source_file": "Americans-for-Safe-Aerospace/pages/news-asa-2023-year-in-review-d18d14f45231.html", "source_sha256": "82d398d6ecbb2dec2566b3bd339e5c246d42f0bc7ee08edd5f90023e67338fbf", "source_url": "https://www.safeaerospace.org/news/asa-2023-year-in-review", "title": "ASA 2023 Year in Review"}

ASA 2023 Year in Review

Community
ASA 2023 Year in Review
RG
Ryan Graves
Americans for Safe Aerospace
October 22, 2023
4
min read
All news & insights
Americans for Safe Aerospace
Advancing aviation safety through reporting, research, and informed public policy.
Explore more news & insights
Continue reading
All news & insights
Community
Americans for Safe Aerospace 2025 Year-End Letter
December 30, 2025
5
min read
Read article
Community
ASA’s Mission is Growing
August 5, 2025
3
min read
Read article
Community
Americans for Safe Aerospace 501(c)(3) Launch
June 1, 2023
3
min read
Read article

When we formed Americans for Safe Aerospace earlier this year, our goal was to raise national awareness of UAP and provide public education to Congress from a pilot perspective to fight for transparency and disclosure. We knew we faced long odds due to secrecy and stigma that create significant challenges to getting answers.
Thanks to your support, we have exceeded and expanded our initial goals for this mission, and we are more committed than ever to solving the mystery in our skies and oceans.
As we look back on 2023, we wanted to share with you a recap of our first year of work that you helped make possible.
Here are a few of our key milestones:
Organization
We incorporated as a 501(c)(3) non-profit organization in Washington, D.C.
Formed an impressive advisory board of pilots and UAP thought leaders across national security, aviation, and academia.
Grew to include 11,000 members, including you! We believe this makes us the largest and fastest growing UAP organization in the world.
Outreach
Ahead of the July 26 U.S. House Oversight Committee’s Congressional hearing on UAP, we met with dozens of Congressional staff and House Members to raise awareness of commercial and military pilot experiences with UAP.
Ryan and Cmdr Fravor testified before the U.S. House Oversight Congressional hearing, sharing their encounters with UAP and those of other pilots and aircrew, becoming the first pilots to testify to Congress about UAP in history.
We developed working relationships with staff from the U.S. Senate Armed Services Committee, the All-Domain Anomaly Resolution Office, and other agencies to refer UAP witnesses.
We also met with members of NASA’s UAP Independent Study Team and NASA’s Director of UAP Research regarding aviation safety and commercial pilot reporting.
ASA’s UAP Witness Program
Launched a robust UAP witness program for pilots and aircrew to safely come forward about their experiences and give them the ability to share their case via official channels.
Received over 300 witness reports from commercial aircrew, military pilots and veterans.
Referred a select number of cases to the U.S. Senate and AARO where witnesses wanted to come forward in official channels to “make sure someone knows,” and where we believe additional data may be available to investigators.
Public Education
Ryan focused on gaining mainstream media traction and attention to the UAP topic that has long been overlooked due to stigma. He was able to earn recognition in leading national outlets like CNN, NBC, Fox News, News Nation, NPR, Politico, Newsweek, the LA Times and on shows ranging from Meet the Press Reports to Tamron Hall. Overall, Ryan earned more than 200,000 mentions and gained millions of impressions. Other highlights include:
Ryan’s Politico Op-Ed on how the Chinese spy balloon should prompt the U.S. government to prioritize and destigmatize UAP as a national security issue led the site.
ASA’s official launch was featured in NBC News and ASA's witness program was covered by Fox.
Ryan’s Newsweek op-ed called attention to the lack of formal reporting channels for commercial pilot UAP witnesses.
The UAP Congressional hearing made Times Magazine Top 100 photos for the year.
Advocacy
You made your voice heard in support of The UAP Disclosure Act of 2023. Our grassroots call to action to support The UAP Disclosure Act generated 1.2 million views on Twitter/X.
We heard from staff that Senator Rounds’ phone was ringing off the hook for several days during NDAA 2024 conference deliberations.
While key transparency provisions of the bill were cut, we showed key Senators that there is a powerful network of voices who care about the UAP issue.
In closing, we just want to say that we are honored to have your support. From taking action by calling Congress, referring new members, encouraging witnesses to reach out, and donating on our site, thank you for all your hard work.
Next year, we have big plans to step up the fight. Stay tuned for updates on expanding our witness program, growing our policy and public education efforts, and continuing our mission for transparency, disclosure, and answers to the UAP mystery.
We want to end on this encouraging note - a candid admission by the nation’s highest ranking military officer. The former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, General Mark Milley told The Washington Times on August 6 of this year:
“There is a lot of unidentified aerial phenomena out there. That’s true. And they’ve got pilot reports, there’s various other sensors out there, and some of it is difficult to explain… Some [UAP are] really kind of weird and unexplainable.”
Thank you again for standing with pilots on the UAP issue.
We wish you a wonderful holiday season and onward to next year! 🙏
