{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:37:26.755226+00:00", "engine": "beautifulsoup4", "engine_mode": "html-main-text", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-html/v1", "source_bytes": 79281, "source_file": "Americans-for-Safe-Aerospace/pages/news-what-happened-when-a-uap-was-reported-near-cheyenne-mountain-86d4b82db611.html", "source_sha256": "b4900949283bce379e2c33fff67764c79abd1d0aab17b9ccdf9a2d4854e254ba", "source_url": "https://www.safeaerospace.org/news/what-happened-when-a-uap-was-reported-near-cheyenne-mountain", "title": "What happened when a UAP was reported near Cheyenne Mountain?"}

What happened when a UAP was reported near Cheyenne Mountain?

Reports
What happened when a UAP was reported near Cheyenne Mountain?
When Institutions Fail, Witnesses Like Caison Step Forward
RG
Ryan Graves
Americans for Safe Aerospace
October 1, 2025
4
min read
All news & insights
Americans for Safe Aerospace
Advancing aviation safety through reporting, research, and informed public policy.
Explore more news & insights
Continue reading
All news & insights
Reports
Irish Parliament Advances Aviation Safety Reporting Standards for Anomalous Aerial Observations
February 27, 2026
2
min read
Read article
Reports
What We've Learned from Hundreds of UAP Witnesses
August 14, 2025
7
min read
Read article



That is what makes his UAP encounter so consequential.

In February 2022, near Cheyenne Mountain Space Force Base, Caison and four fellow intelligence professionals saw something extraordinary. The details of what they witnessed will soon become public. What matters is that men and women with his background – sober, analytical, allergic to superstition – are now saying publicly that they saw what they could not explain. And not just that they saw it, but that they tried to report it.

Caison did what any accountable officer would do: he documented it. The very next day, he wrote up a formal intelligence report, complete with corroborating details from the other trained observers. And then he hit a wall

At first, there seemed to be no channel at all. The military had no visible process for service members who witnessed something anomalous. Later, Ryan Graves directed Caison to a general order buried deep in SIPRnet. It was from the NORTHCOM commander requiring reports of UAP encounters - a document so well-hidden that one might fairly ask if concealment was the point.

When Caison finally submitted his report to AARO, the federal office created to analyze these phenomena, he was not taken seriously. The replies were careless, unprofessional, and dismissive. What should have been treated as testimony regarding a UAP incursion over a highly sensitive national security site was brushed aside as a nuisance. It was not an honest attempt to test extraordinary claims against ordinary explanations. It was an attempt to make the problem go away. There is a difference, and Caison perceived it clearly

That could have been the end of the story: another credible witness discouraged into silence, another report filed away in the waste bin of official neglect. But here, the path bent. In May 2023, Caison contacted Americans for Safe Aerospace and discussed his sighting with Ryan – a former Navy fighter pilot who had himself witnessed anomalous craft over the Atlantic – and with him, an organization built on a simple principle: take witnesses seriously

What began as cautious emails turned into something larger. Over time, trust was built – not through rhetoric, but through rigor. By August 2024, Ryan asked if Caison would take on the role of managing ASA’s reporting program. Since then, Caison has helped process nearly 800 reports and personally interviewed over 50 highly credible witnesses, many of them military aviators or intelligence professionals like himself.

The irony is sharp enough to sting. AARO, the office created to receive and analyze reports, treated him like a nuisance. ASA, a nonprofit started from scratch, treated him like a partner. One asked if he had mistaken a balloon for a UAP; the other handed him the keys to the reporting system.

There’s a larger point here. We often tell ourselves that institutions are neutral vessels: bureaucracies that will, with enough time, efficiency, and sunlight, correct themselves. But institutions do not correct themselves. They must be held accountable, pressed, and made to act. Left to drift, they sink into indifference.

Caison’s journey, from the combat zones of Afghanistan, to an unexplained encounter over Colorado, to MIT Sloan, and now to ASA – illustrates a truth that ought to unsettle us. The people who should have been listening were not. The people who did not have to listen, did.
And so the work of documentation, of discernment, of honoring witnesses with the seriousness they deserve, now falls to organizations like ASA. It is, in its way, the oldest story of democracy: when the official channels fail, civil society steps in.
Watch Caison tell his UAP experience story on NewsNation:


What is happening in our skies is no longer a matter of speculation. It is a matter of testimony, of aviation safety, and of national security. The government office created to face this problem cannot manage even the dignity of a professional reply. The nonprofit founded by pilots has built the most trusted reporting system in the country.

The lesson is stark. When institutions falter, responsibility falls to those still willing to act. The time for mockery is over. The risks are real, the witnesses are credible, and the silence of the state has become its own kind of negligence.
If we want to know what is in our skies, we will have to fight for it.
Stay vigilant. If you see something, say it.
