{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:37:26.718875+00:00", "engine": "beautifulsoup4", "engine_mode": "html-main-text", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-html/v1", "source_bytes": 79969, "source_file": "Americans-for-Safe-Aerospace/pages/news-asas-mission-is-growing-1813e401f148.html", "source_sha256": "580e582aeccd6e01aae511448eaa2a40a42ae13d603eae1c3cda044a8813bbec", "source_url": "https://www.safeaerospace.org/news/asas-mission-is-growing", "title": "ASA\u2019s Mission is Growing"}

ASA’s Mission is Growing

Community
ASA’s Mission is Growing
RG
Ryan Graves
Americans for Safe Aerospace
August 5, 2025
3
min read
All news & insights
Americans for Safe Aerospace
Advancing aviation safety through reporting, research, and informed public policy.
Explore more news & insights
Continue reading
All news & insights
Community
Americans for Safe Aerospace 2025 Year-End Letter
December 30, 2025
5
min read
Read article
Community
ASA 2023 Year in Review
October 22, 2023
4
min read
Read article
Community
Americans for Safe Aerospace 501(c)(3) Launch
June 1, 2023
3
min read
Read article

Over the past year, ASA, with your support, has become the world’s largest pilot-led UAP nonprofit focused on aerospace safety and national security. We’ve stayed behind the scenes, doing the work. Now, it’s time to bring you into the fold.
What We’ve Accomplished
Over 850 reports submitted by aircrew and civilians… and counting
Provided testimony before Congress in a historic hearing, amplifying the voices of our witnesses
Built alliances with Members of Congress, NASA, FBI, FAA, AIAA, pilot unions, airlines, and more
Elevated the conversation in outlets like CNN, NBC, NPR, Newsweek, Politico, and PBS
Helped shape the bipartisan Safe Airspace for Americans Act, protecting pilots who report incidents
Our Four Program Areas
Below is a brief summary of our program areas. Over the next several weeks, we will be updating you on each of our program areas and the work ahead.
1. Public Education
We engage with Capitol Hill to advance meaningful legislation like the Safe Airspace for Americans Act and the UAP Disclosure Act, while educating new allies in DC. We also bring the conversation to the public, speaking at pilot associations, industry events, and the media, to normalize reporting, reduce stigma, and educate skeptics.
2. Partnerships
We’re actively forming alliances across industry, academia, government- domestically and internationally. ASA identifies and collaborates with organizations that strengthen our mission and advance transparency, safety, and research. Internationally, ASA has been identifying key groups with which to collaborate to expand our mission globally.
3. Research
When we started ASA, we never expected to receive the incredible reports we’ve received. Today, these reports have turned into a core part of our mission, and informs our work across the organization. The reports also serve as core motivating data for Congressional Members, law enforcement agencies, and other organizations, demonstrating the national security and aviation safety rationale for pursuing UAP investigations.
Our team analyzes submitted reports and shares vetted data with Congress, law enforcement agencies, scientific studies, and investigators ( and only with witness permission). We’ll be educating you, our members, on our process- with the hopes of extending our investigatory and research influence. We're also developing tools and protocols, and soon, we’ll empower our community to participate in a report-review system to help us validate and rank reports.
4. Community
Over the past year, ASA skyrocketed to over 30,000 members! This incredible growth is a testament to how many people this conversation touches. But this is just the beginning for ASA. In 2026, we’re excited to host a range of events including fly-ins, airshows, and private industry gatherings. We invite you to join us, connect with likeminded individuals, and help grow our mission. Stay tuned for our 2026 calendar of events.
Looking Ahead
Over the next month, we will be updating you more deeply on our work across the UAP ecosystem. You’ll also learn about new opportunities to engage with our team, such as research briefings, live AMAs with our analysts and witnesses, in-person events, and more.
Shortly, we will also begin publishing our UAP reports publicly. Our reports have been incredibly effective at changing the conversation in D.C., now we’d like to share them with you. It’s our hope by publishing such data, our witnesses will feel less isolated in their experiences and may find common connection in experience.
We want your help!
As ASA grows, we’ll be looking to our community to help us build. Currently, we’re looking for volunteers in the following areas:
Graphic Content Creator
Social Media Manager
Legislative Affairs & Policy SME
Email us your resume at volunteer@safeaerospace.org to get involved!
Thank you for standing with us. While much of the progress happens outside the spotlight, the mission is growing, and I’m honored to have you with us on this journey.
