{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:37:26.822530+00:00", "engine": "beautifulsoup4", "engine_mode": "html-main-text", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-html/v1", "source_bytes": 79314, "source_file": "Americans-for-Safe-Aerospace/pages/news-americans-for-safe-aerospace-2025-year-end-letter-ddf8c7034ff3.html", "source_sha256": "3b00bae147bf802750aab456fa2b36943d3545e07efca6d6d8455ef6e9829bbe", "source_url": "https://www.safeaerospace.org/news/americans-for-safe-aerospace-2025-year-end-letter", "title": "Americans for Safe Aerospace 2025 Year-End Letter"}

Americans for Safe Aerospace 2025 Year-End Letter

Community
Americans for Safe Aerospace 2025 Year-End Letter
RG
Ryan Graves
Americans for Safe Aerospace
December 30, 2025
5
min read
All news & insights
Americans for Safe Aerospace
Advancing aviation safety through reporting, research, and informed public policy.
Explore more news & insights
Continue reading
All news & insights
Community
ASA’s Mission is Growing
August 5, 2025
3
min read
Read article
Community
ASA 2023 Year in Review
October 22, 2023
4
min read
Read article
Community
Americans for Safe Aerospace 501(c)(3) Launch
June 1, 2023
3
min read
Read article

Hello everyone.
As we close out 2025, I want to thank you for standing with us as Americans for Safe Aerospace has grown into a global force for transparency, aviation safety, and UAP research. What began as a mission to give pilots a voice has evolved into a comprehensive organization driving real change in how we understand and respond to the unexplained phenomena in our skies and oceans.
Thank you so much for your ongoing support. We have achieved remarkable milestones this year that have strengthened our mission and expanded our data-driven approach to addressing UAP.
Here are our 2025 highlights:
Organizational Growth:
We've grown to over 31,000 members worldwide, making ASA one of the largest UAP advocacy organizations on the planet. This nearly threefold growth since 2023 demonstrates the urgent need for the work we're doing.
We also launched our paid membership program, providing sustainable support for our expanding operations while offering members exclusive access to research updates, witness interviews, and behind-the-scenes content.
Strategic Partnerships:
ASA formed groundbreaking relationships with the American Institute of Aeronautics and Astronautics (AIAA), NASA, and the FBI, legitimizing UAP research within mainstream aerospace, scientific, and law enforcement communities.
I continue to serve as Chair of the AIAA's UAP Integration & Outreach Committee, representing over 30,000 aerospace professionals and establishing UAP research as a serious technical discipline.
Highlights from the 2025 ASA Witness Program & Public Database:
Collected over 1,000 UAP reports from commercial pilots, military aviators, and aerospace professionals – more than tripling our 2023 total. Our analysts are actively interviewing witnesses and validating reports, building one of the most comprehensive civilian UAP databases in existence
Launched our public UAP reports database, providing unprecedented transparency allowing researchers, journalists, and the public to access witness accounts. This represents a major step toward democratizing UAP information.
Referred dozens of high-value cases to the FBI and other government agencies, with witnesses eager to provide testimony through official channels.
An ASA standout moment came when former Army Special Forces intelligence officer Caison Best shared his extraordinary February 2022 UAP encounter near Cheyenne Mountain Space Force Base on NewsNation's Reality Check with Ross Coulthart. Caison and four colleagues witnessed a massive elliptical object hovering near one of America's most sensitive military installations. After receiving an unprofessional response from AARO, Caison connected with ASA in 2023, and by 2024 he was leading our reporting program. He has since helped process nearly 800 reports and interviewed over 50 credible witnesses, demonstrating how civil society must step in when institutions fail those who serve.
Congressional Engagement & Advocacy:
ASA helped advise and advocate for the Safe Airspace for Americans Act, bipartisan legislation re-introduced in 2025 by Representatives Robert Garcia and Glenn Grothman that establishes standardized UAP reporting procedures through the FAA for civilian aviation personnel, integrates with existing FAA reporting systems like the Aviation Safety Reporting Program, and provides critical legal protections against retaliation, ensuring pilots cannot be medically disqualified and airlines cannot retaliate against employees who report. This historic legislation directly addresses the concerns I raised in my 2023 congressional testimony about the lack of safe reporting channels for commercial pilots.
ASA also submitted formal comments on New Jersey's groundbreaking legislation (A5712) to establish a Center for UAP Study, providing technical expertise on reporting mechanisms and research protocols. The bill has passed both chambers of the NJ Legislature and is awaiting the governor's signature. We continued to educate members of Congress with data-driven analysis from our witness program, helping shape policy discussions around airspace security and domain awareness gaps.
Public Education & Media Impact:
ASA continued our mainstream media presence including NBC News, NewsNation, CNN, and numerous regional outlets, keeping UAP safety concerns in the national conversation and reducing stigma around pilot reporting.
We worked with journalists and policymakers to provide pilot perspectives and data on UAP reporting, helping shift the public conversation from stigma and speculation toward aviation safety and national security concerns.
Next-Generation Technology:
ASA is developing the UAP Intelligence Platform – a system designed to integrate multiple data sources and analytical tools to help researchers better understand aerial phenomena. The platform aims to support pattern analysis and provide context that may help distinguish between known aerial activity and unexplained observations.
We also began planning for the implementation of our sensor system deployment in the future, positioning ASA to collect scientific-grade data on UAP events in real time.
Looking Ahead to 2026:
We're expanding our public engagement with major aviation events including EAA AirVenture Oshkosh and other industry gatherings, bringing UAP awareness directly to the pilot community.
We’re also expanding access to our data. In 2026, we plan to launch multimedia content that includes a podcast and video series to share witness stories, expert analysis, and behind-the-scenes advocacy work.
We’re preparing to publish a transparent report on ASA’s witness report assessment process. As new reports are published and quantitatively ranked, we’ll be transparent with how reports are assessed.
ASA is continuing to push for congressional action on pilot reporting protections and government transparency, including passage of the Safe Airspace for Americans Act, targeting inclusion in the 2027 NDAA.
Our Continuing Mission:
We remain committed to our founding principle: pilots and aerospace professionals deserve safe, stigma-free reporting channels, and the global public deserves transparency about what's operating in our skies and oceans. Critical gaps in our ability to detect, identify, and respond to objects in our airspace and oceans remain a concern that demands continued attention and scientific rigor.
Thank you for being part of this mission. Your support, whether through membership, donations, witness referrals, or simply spreading awareness – makes our work possible. Together, we're building the foundation for a future where UAP are studied scientifically, reported safely, and understood clearly.
Our ASA team wishes you all a happy new year and look forward to the breakthroughs ahead for the UAP community in 2026.
Sincerely,
Ryan Graves
Founder & Executive Director
Americans for Safe Aerospace
