{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:37:26.785071+00:00", "engine": "beautifulsoup4", "engine_mode": "html-main-text", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-html/v1", "source_bytes": 48187, "source_file": "Americans-for-Safe-Aerospace/pages/reports-mil-2019-211-b48b9d292415.html", "source_sha256": "002894ab5dcfa299cbdb2b846e1ba7b44caba1e5b323f79185ba6bbe313d0524", "source_url": "https://www.safeaerospace.org/reports/mil-2019-211", "title": "MIL-2019-211 - An E-2C Hawkeye pilot climbing out of KNGU toward KLFI had a near-miss with an unidentified object at approximately 7,000 feet. The pilot took immediate evasive action to avoid collision. The object appeared as a bumpy half-sphere with a stick protruding from the bottom and a small rectangular box attached. Neither ATC nor the aircraft's radar could detect the object. Several days later, a different crew encountered a similar object near the KLFI approach corridor."}

MIL-2019-211 - An E-2C Hawkeye pilot climbing out of KNGU toward KLFI had a near-miss with an unidentified object at approximately 7,000 feet. The pilot took immediate evasive action to avoid collision. The object appeared as a bumpy half-sphere with a stick protruding from the bottom and a small rectangular box attached. Neither ATC nor the aircraft's radar could detect the object. Several days later, a different crew encountered a similar object near the KLFI approach corridor.

Military Air
Report MIL-2019-211
An E-2C Hawkeye pilot climbing out of KNGU toward KLFI had a near-miss with an unidentified object at approximately 7,000 feet. The pilot took immediate evasive action to avoid collision. The object appeared as a bumpy half-sphere with a stick protruding from the bottom and a small rectangular box attached. Neither ATC nor the aircraft's radar could detect the object. Several days later, a different crew encountered a similar object near the KLFI approach corridor.
Date of occurrence
Aug 1, 2019
Location
Near KLFI (Langley Air Force Base), Virginia / Chesapeake Bay area
Reported duration
~60 seconds
Observers
4
Objects
2 (separate incidents)
The published account
What was reported
Witness background
ASA analyst notes
Context from the published report
Read this as a documented witness account.
Reported descriptions and estimates are attributed to the witness or published source. This page does not independently establish the object’s identity, origin, or reported capabilities.
Dive in Deeper
Support ASA as a Paid member and get access to AMAs with witnesses, ASA panels, free merch, and more!
Become a Member
Supporting material
The public record
No public media is attached to this report. The published witness account appears alongside this panel.
Read supporting material in context.
Materials are provided as published. Their presence does not independently verify every reported characteristic.

eventNarrative
The witness was flying an E-2C Hawkeye under IFR, climbing out of KNGU toward KLFI at approximately 7,000 feet. The pilot caught a glimpse of an object out of the corner of their eye, looked at it, and immediately raised the left wing to avoid a collision.
The object appeared as a bumpy half-sphere shape with a stick protruding from the bottom and a small rectangular box attached to the stick. It was grey in color with a slightly metallic appearance, estimated at approximately 5 feet in size. The object appeared slow-moving or stationary and remained in the Chesapeake Bay area.
ATC had no primary or secondary radar returns on the object. The aircraft's own radar was also unable to detect it.
Several days later, a different crew visually acquired a similar object near the approach corridor of KLFI. Both crew members observed it and flew around it at approximately one-mile radius for about one minute. Again, neither ATC nor the aircraft radar could pick it up. The crew had to return to base due to airspace and fuel constraints and was unable to investigate further.
The witness discussed the encounters with friends who also saw the object but did not consider reporting until hearing about more recent drone activity near KLFI.

witnessBackground
E-2C Hawkeye pilot, U.S. Navy. Additional crew members witnessed the second encounter several days later.

analystNotes
This report documents two separate encounters with similar objects near Langley Air Force Base, both involving radar-invisible objects in controlled military airspace.
The first incident required immediate evasive action to avoid collision. The second incident involved a different crew that was able to observe and orbit the object for approximately one minute before fuel and airspace constraints forced them to depart.
Both encounters share a notable characteristic: the objects were visually acquired but could not be detected on ATC radar or the E-2C Hawkeye's onboard radar.
KLFI (Langley AFB) is home to the 1st Fighter Wing and ACC headquarters. The Chesapeake Bay area and Hampton Roads region contain a high concentration of military installations including Naval Station Norfolk, NAS Oceana, and NASA Langley Research Center.
