{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:37:26.723625+00:00", "engine": "beautifulsoup4", "engine_mode": "html-main-text", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-html/v1", "source_bytes": 48314, "source_file": "Americans-for-Safe-Aerospace/pages/reports-mil-2023-72-1e9015ae11d6.html", "source_sha256": "539d5db064bef6f007be1586e75823c335a712e0a277ba0f153fc7b00c17f87f", "source_url": "https://www.safeaerospace.org/reports/mil-2023-72", "title": "MIL-2023-72 - A Department of Defense contractor with active TS/SCI clearance recorded multiple UAP events using US UAS electro-optical and infrared sensors off the coast of South Korea. Across five videos, the contractor captured several distinct objects: a smooth white seamless TicTac-shaped UAP, a rust-colored peanut-shaped UAP, and another two-meter TicTac observed in both EO and IR modes. The objects demonstrated positive lift, rapid acceleration, unconventional velocities, and flight characteristics that appear to defy conventional aerodynamics."}

MIL-2023-72 - A Department of Defense contractor with active TS/SCI clearance recorded multiple UAP events using US UAS electro-optical and infrared sensors off the coast of South Korea. Across five videos, the contractor captured several distinct objects: a smooth white seamless TicTac-shaped UAP, a rust-colored peanut-shaped UAP, and another two-meter TicTac observed in both EO and IR modes. The objects demonstrated positive lift, rapid acceleration, unconventional velocities, and flight characteristics that appear to defy conventional aerodynamics.

Military Air
Report MIL-2023-72
A Department of Defense contractor with active TS/SCI clearance recorded multiple UAP events using US UAS electro-optical and infrared sensors off the coast of South Korea. Across five videos, the contractor captured several distinct objects: a smooth white seamless TicTac-shaped UAP, a rust-colored peanut-shaped UAP, and another two-meter TicTac observed in both EO and IR modes. The objects demonstrated positive lift, rapid acceleration, unconventional velocities, and flight characteristics that appear to defy conventional aerodynamics.
Date of occurrence
2023
Location
Off Coast of South Korea
Reported duration
5x Sensor Recordings, Several Minutes Each
Observers
3
Objects
3
The published account
What was reported
Witness background
Read this as a documented witness account.
Reported descriptions and estimates are attributed to the witness or published source. This page does not independently establish the object’s identity, origin, or reported capabilities.
Dive in Deeper
Support ASA as a Paid member and get access to AMAs with witnesses, ASA panels, free merch, and more!
Become a Member
Supporting material
The public record
No public media is attached to this report. The published witness account appears alongside this panel.
Read supporting material in context.
Materials are provided as published. Their presence does not independently verify every reported characteristic.

eventNarrative
Video 1 describes one TicTac shaped UAP flying approximately 400 knots in a smooth flight path. The object is described as, “tumbling in an unstable manner” throughout the three minute flight duration. With the sensor zoomed in, three evenly spaced “vortexes of energy or distortion” are observed on the top and bottom of the UAP as it travels.The sensor eventually loses track of the UAP.
Videos 2 & 3 capture a UAP described as a rust-brown colored UAP shaped like a peanut shell.
Videos 4 & 5 capture a UAP described as a 2 meter white TicTac UAP flying at approximately 200 knots. Several minutes in, the UAP executes a J-hook turn back towards its origin point. Two seconds later the UAP rapidly accelerates out of view at extreme velocity.
The witness assesses the US assets were tasked specifically with tracking these objects.
The videos were retained properly on classified systems. ASA coordinated with the witnesses and appropriate authorities to ensure the data was properly retained through proper classified channels.
ASA does not solicit or accept classified information.

witnessBackground
An active DoD contractor interviewed with ASA and described himself and numerous coworkers observing five ISR videos on SIPRNet’s Unified Video Dissemination System (UVDS) that collected UAP footage while conducting routine ISR.
