{"created_utc": "2026-10-02T18:37:26.771842+00:00", "engine": "beautifulsoup4", "engine_mode": "html-main-text", "schema": "ufo-files-archive-html/v1", "source_bytes": 49313, "source_file": "Americans-for-Safe-Aerospace/pages/reports-com-2024-128-afb44e8ebf78.html", "source_sha256": "55f1299a0ab088b48fc1036ceca0402e9b05419ff04901fb3aec08f3155c4d4a", "source_url": "https://www.safeaerospace.org/reports/com-2024-128", "title": "COM-2024-128 - While climbing through FL290 departing Johannesburg, South Africa, a commercial airline captain and first officer observed a delta-shaped craft moving directly toward their Boeing 737-800 in clear conditions. The object, described as a perfectly equilateral triangle approximately half the size of their aircraft, passed overhead within an estimated 200 feet at high velocity on an opposite heading. The craft displayed intense white/gold luminosity underneath that faded to metallic coloring, with what appeared to be a field around it giving the impression of atmospheric reentry effects. No traffic alerts were displayed on cockpit systems, no TCAS warnings activated, and ATC reported no radar contact."}

COM-2024-128 - While climbing through FL290 departing Johannesburg, South Africa, a commercial airline captain and first officer observed a delta-shaped craft moving directly toward their Boeing 737-800 in clear conditions. The object, described as a perfectly equilateral triangle approximately half the size of their aircraft, passed overhead within an estimated 200 feet at high velocity on an opposite heading. The craft displayed intense white/gold luminosity underneath that faded to metallic coloring, with what appeared to be a field around it giving the impression of atmospheric reentry effects. No traffic alerts were displayed on cockpit systems, no TCAS warnings activated, and ATC reported no radar contact.

Commercial Air
Report COM-2024-128
While climbing through FL290 departing Johannesburg, South Africa, a commercial airline captain and first officer observed a delta-shaped craft moving directly toward their Boeing 737-800 in clear conditions. The object, described as a perfectly equilateral triangle approximately half the size of their aircraft, passed overhead within an estimated 200 feet at high velocity on an opposite heading. The craft displayed intense white/gold luminosity underneath that faded to metallic coloring, with what appeared to be a field around it giving the impression of atmospheric reentry effects. No traffic alerts were displayed on cockpit systems, no TCAS warnings activated, and ATC reported no radar contact.
Date of occurrence
May 1, 2024
Location
Departing Johannesburg, South Africa in Boeing 737-800, abeam Vaal Dam climbing through FL290.
Reported duration
5 seconds
Observers
2
Objects
1
The published account
What was reported
Witness background
ASA analyst notes
Context from the published report
Read this as a documented witness account.
Reported descriptions and estimates are attributed to the witness or published source. This page does not independently establish the object’s identity, origin, or reported capabilities.
Dive in Deeper
Support ASA as a Paid member and get access to AMAs with witnesses, ASA panels, free merch, and more!
Become a Member
Supporting material
The public record
No public media is attached to this report. The published witness account appears alongside this panel.
Read supporting material in context.
Materials are provided as published. Their presence does not independently verify every reported characteristic.

eventNarrative
On May 1, 2024, during a daytime climb out of Johannesburg in clear air and visibility conditions, the crew was ascending through FL290 near the Vaal Dam when the captain observed a craft moving directly head-on toward their aircraft at their 12 o'clock position. The object was observed for an estimated 5 seconds, potentially descending on an exact opposite heading.
The craft was delta or triangular in shape, configured as a perfectly equilateral triangle with the apex pointing forward. The witness estimates the object was approximately half the size of their 737-800. The underside displayed intense white and gold luminosity, described as "white bright as if glowing" or appearing "heated white hot." The craft's body showed metallic coloring, and the center section appeared dark or black, possibly a stripe. Most notably, the white luminosity appeared to exist "off" the skin of the craft, creating what the witness described as a field around it that gave the impression of atmospheric reentry effects.
The object passed overhead within 200 feet of their aircraft. The encounter lasted approximately five seconds. Throughout the event, no traffic was displayed on their cockpit screens, no TCAS warnings activated, and the object exhibited no exhaust, contrails, or turbulence effects.
The captain immediately reported the sighting to ATC, who confirmed they had no radar indications. He later discussed the encounter with his chief pilot but received no follow-up. The witness notes that obtaining communication tapes would be difficult if not impossible. He believes the craft intentionally flew its route because it was aware of their presence.

witnessBackground
The primary witness is a commercial airline captain operating in South Africa with over 15,000 hours of flight time. Both the captain and first officer witnessed the encounter. The captain describes himself as very pragmatic and a non-believer prior to this incident.

analystNotes
The object's behavior exhibited multiple UAP observables: high velocity with no observed signatures (no exhaust, contrails, or sonic boom), positive lift (controlled flight with no visible means of propulsion), and apparent intelligent flight characteristics (head-on approach on exact opposite heading within 200 feet). The lack of radar contact on both aircraft systems and ATC ground radar despite clear visual acquisition at close range is consistent with other commercial aviation UAP reports.
