{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-02-06 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504925","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"53953","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2681,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/925/mufon-5504925.json","updb_database_id":5504925}
{nd} Large strangely shaped bright lights and hovering. It had a rectangular base the top was two pyramids

I was driving down a rural highway. I first noticed it because it wasn't moving at all. I thought it was the top of a cell tower in the distance at first because of the bright white light. As I got closer I realized it was to high up to be a cell tower and thought maybe a plane, except it wasn't moving. That's when I told my wife riding in the passenger seat to start watching it. 

It hovered in the same spot for 10 minutes. The closer I got I could see it better and it had very bright white lights on the bottom and two large pyramids outlined in a red light that wasn't bright like the lights on the bottom. 

When we got into town I pulled over to watch it and thats when it took off. Not fast like in the movies but slowly then it picked up speed somewhat but it didn't fly fast like a jet. It flew directly over town and off into the darkness. The towns small only 15000.

After seeing it the first time I felt concerned and just thought that surely many others must have seen it too.

I left the house 5 hours later at midnight and on my way back home I seen it again 30 miles away from where I first seen it. This time it was hovering over the river about a half a mile from the highway I was driving down. Seeing it the second time has freaked me out majorly, I have never believed in aliens or ufos so to be honest right now I'm a bit afraid and that has lead me here.

After seeing it the second time I called the police. They said they'd had no other reports and they wanted my name. I don't think they care. I feel alone with no one to talk to about this and I do feel strangely emotional right now, almost to tears. I'm not sure why I think because I know no one is going to believe me. The second time I seen it I was driving alone on a rural highway around midnight. 5 hours after the first sighting. 

Someone with knowledge of what I may have seen please do contact me. I'm a bit freaked out by this. This thing was what was it doing and why was it here?
