{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-05-16 22:08:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484925","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"74875","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2934,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/925/mufon-5484925.json","updb_database_id":5484925}
My girlfriend and I were followed along highway , heading towards Port Mcneill BC at 10 pm , 3 electric blue blinking lights first spotted in rear view mirror , followed my car for at least 8 minutes. Similar strange enents have happened to me and Karla n

My girlfriend and I were coming home from Courtenay BC , along highway near a small town , named Woss at around 10 pm . Everything seemed to be going normal , until I had a sudden feeling of fear and overwhelming feeling of anxiety . Both Karla and I had similar gut feeling something was off, when we both noticed blinking lights in rear view mirror (passanger side) of our car. We didn't say much to one another at the time , except maybe watching for theses unknown lights to maybe dissappear eventually. I felt the need to try and evade whatever was fool owing our car , gut feeling I guess, so I sped the car up . The lights stuck with us as if almost attached to our car . All I can remember is praying for another car to come along the highway, because both karla and I were terrified for some reason. Eventually I got my wish , a car appeared from the distance as I saw the headlights 1 km away heading south bond towards us on the highway. The lights then disappeared . That's all I remember from thus event . The reason I am sending this information is that other similar events have happened to us in almost this exact location on this highway. There were at least two other similar events that happened to us aswell in the past . Both events that I remember we were not followed but sudden light failure on our car and electrical malfunction aswell. I believe that there is something strange about this location , outside of Woss on the Highway . Also when I was about ten years of age , my family and I plus lots of other people observed a fairly large mettalic disc hovering not even 100 feet from the ground in Cloverdale BC. Until recently I believed this to be just a dream that I may have had when I was a child , and this dream would re-occur throughout my life. I finally asked my mother and my brothers about this thinking maybe they would just laugh at me and blow it off, but we all saw the exact same thing just never talked about it. My mom can describe this event best because my brothers and I were kids at the time, but all stories seem to match up.
