{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-04-08 03:21:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5494925","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"64529","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/925/mufon-5494925.json","updb_database_id":5494925}
A large craft with lights rose over the trees, flew slow over my head I was driving

I was driving home from work along the 403, I was driving at about 120km/hr the time was 3:21am at the time of the sighting. I was between Ancaster and Brantford going east towards Brantford. 

I noticed a bright light appear past the trees to my right. The light was bright, as bright as a street lamp it didn't move at all that I could tell. I thought it was weird when the light appeared and in my head I thought it was something. I even said to myself, "If you're something then do something." 

I don't recall driving past the light but I soon got an urge to peer ahead through my windshield. That was when I saw this large object It was like a cross between boomerang and egg shaped and I really don't think it was a plane. It was literally just above the trees and it moved slowly north. It had white lights flashing in sequence at each end of the craft a white light at its tip and two stripes of blue light running parallel along it's under belly. 

It was silent but I have to say that I was listening to music too and it is possible that my music could drown out any noise it made. However I would think a plane at that low an altitude would be heard over the volume of my music. 

The craft moved right over top of me as I drove underneath it. I was amazed, I kept looking in my rear-view mirror and saw the white lights still flashing in sequence. There were other vehicles on the highway too I remember seeing a semi truck driving in the opposite direction towards Hamilton. 

I felt like I was seeing something special and the weird thing is that just before the sighting I got this weird feeling of intuition that I was about to encounter something. I've never really felt that before. 

I lost sight of the object as I drove away from it. the last sight I had of the object was in my rear-view mirror and it had only traveled to the grassy ditch that separates the highway.
