{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-17 16:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5500925","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"58154","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2368,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/925/mufon-5500925.json","updb_database_id":5500925}
Shot out from the clouds above the mountain during a forest fire near our nieghbourhood. It pulled a wisp of cloud with it as it exited.

A forest fire broke out on the mountain behind us and during the attempt to put it out, this event took place.
I was watching a video online of the fire from a little earlier in the day and i spotted the UFO 37 seconds into the video. I have no idea whether anyone else has noticed this or not. Most folks would be focused on the fire.

37 seconds into the video the UFO comes shooting out from a cloud right above the mountain and passes through a clear spot back into the next cloud. I was quite startled and surprised when i saw it. 
The UFO left a thin trail of cloud vaper as it exited the cloud. This, to me, eliminates any thought that this might be a camera lens artifact or light phenomenon effect.

The event lasted only a couple seconds. Judging by the distance i was from the object it had to have been moving very fast. The scene cuts away while the UFO is still visible. I'm left to assume that there must be more footage of it than i saw.

I phoned the website's news department to ask if it would be possible to see the full footage, but was met with disapproval. In retrospect, perhaps i shouldn't have mentioned the word UFO. (lol)

The gentleman however did say i could email him or call him the next day to discuss this further. I will this follow up with further contact.

PS: i do not own the footage i am submitting. But i don't know how else to give you the proof of this event. So i will submit it and leave it to you folks to decide how to deal with it. This is not my area of expertise.
