{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-07-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5503925","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54988","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2612,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/925/mufon-5503925.json","updb_database_id":5503925}
{kt}No UFO. I was 7 yrs old went into a coma woke up 7 days later with marks on my body. Drs never gave explanation

Well I feel kind of crazy for doing this but doctors couldn't tell us what happened.
I was at home with my parents when I was 7, my dad found me laying down with foam in my mouth so they called the ambulance. I was asleep for 7 days and doctors said it wasn't quite a coma. They told my parents that I had NOT suffered a stroke or heart attack. They said that I was most likely not going to make it. Well my parents told me I woke up 7 days after my accident or whatever it was. I woke up healthy. I remember having a little trouble walking when I woke up. Also I had scars on the right side of my body and a big bubble as if I had got a real bad burn on my right foot. The bubble scarred and I have a circle scar now which again baffled the doctors. The following weeks I remember getting tests done in just about everything and they couldn't tell my parents what it was. My parents and I have never got a cause. I'm 23 now and I'm as healthy as anybody else. I've always been kind of not really a believer in the whole alien thing. But a coworker of mine is a die hard alien believer and after telling him my experience he said that he's sure it was some sort of alien experiment on me lol. He said that's why I'm so into astronomy and that's why I always have dreams about flying.
I would just like to know if I'm dumb for sharing this story or if there's other cases similar to mine. I've always wanted to know why I almost died that time, and I've never got an answer. I can provide pictures of my scars. Again I'm not crazy and I am kind of embarrassed of being laughed at but just wondering if somehow I can hear a theory of what happened to me, maybe it was just an unusual heart attack or something.
