{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-12 22:10:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5490274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2576,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5490274.json","updb_database_id":5490274}
{cak} Multiple lights in the area, Large cigar shaped with solid red lights

My wife and I had put the kids to bed around 9:30. We talked about the persiod meteor shower and decided around 10pm to go out on our back deck to see if we spot any metors that night. We turned off the lights in our house and were looking north at the time not really spotting anything in particular. I looked to the left (northwest) and say 6-7 sold red lights (light a LED red lights). At first I thought it was airplanes or a fleet of helicopters.  I told my wife how strange they looked and she agreed and took our her I-phone to record. We couldn't pickup the lights in the distance. 4 of the red lights moved away to the north and moved away from our location and the object. At this time we saw three distinct red lights in a row. The object made a right turn from where it was at. At this time you could see the "back" of the object which had two blinking white lights with a red sold light in the middle. Although the object matched the night sky you could now tell that it was cigar shaped and cylindrical in shape. It made no noise and again was hard to distinguish between the night sky and the object. It banked to its right and moved at a slow speed to the south. My wife and I agreed that this was no plane that was flying. We noticed that a neighbor walking her dogs didn't even turn her head despite these large lights flying around in the sky. We live south and east of Raleigh, so there are not really any commercial planes that fly over our house, and if there are, they are usually very high and you can distuguish what they are. There is Seymour Johnson airbase in Goldsboro and occasionally they fly F-15's around the area, but these are very easy to hear that they are jets. This object did not move like an airplane and for it size there is no way its airspeed could of allowed for it to stay airborn. The obeject eventually moved to the south and our of sight over the horizon.
