{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1986-03-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73442","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2414,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5486274.json","updb_database_id":5486274}
{dr}Glowing white UFO hovered. It was huge, saucer shaped with dome. No one came by. I drove away after 20 minutes

I left a poker game about 1:00 AM. I drove to the end of the street and was going to turn left, when I looked to my right, I saw a huge disc shaped UFO with a dome just silently hovering in place. It was so huge that it had to be fairly close to the ground. Cell phones were not in existence to call someone or take a photo. It was very bright and glowing white. It was very silent.

I didn't know what to do. I thought if I drove back to the house I had just left, by the time I alerted some friends and got back, the craft would be gone. I observed this UFO for at least 20 minutes, waiting for someone to drive by. No one came by. 

I know this may sound crazy, but I eventually just drove away. I drove west over the bridge that opens for boat traffic on Commercial Blvd. in Ft.Lauderdale and still saw the UFO just hovering in the same place to my right.

I saw a show about UFO's many years later and there was a UFO shown in Miami that was the same exact craft I saw. It was white and glowing, disc shaped with a dome. I believe it was also in the mid nineteen eighties. I have that segment on tape from the tv. I am 67 years old now and was in my mid thirties at the time this happened.

There is a police station in Lauderdale-by-the sea, that is just a couple of blocks from the sighting. I never checked with them. It would be hard for me to believe that no one in that police department ever heard of, or witnessed the same sighting I had witnessed. I know that I cannot be the only person that saw that craft because of the size of it, how it glowed so brightly, and how long it stayed stationary in one place. 

Feel free to contact me if I could clarify things or help in any way.
