{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-18 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"46048","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2348,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5512274.json","updb_database_id":5512274}
driving west on the highway, i noticed three brown orb triangle formation in the sky.

one sunny cloudless afternoon,i was driving on the highway. about two o clock. i noticed three dull dark brown orbs in a triangle shape they werent too big... in reference i would say a beach ball size.i immediately pointed it out to my passengers who didn't see it cause it happened too fast. about two hundred feet away, about two stories above the tree line. they were attached by the same color line, the line looked like when you pull two peices of gum apart and they stretch, all three orbs or more like spheres but were attached this way, the two bottom ones started slowly moving away from eachother [left to right], while the top one slowly pulled to the right side moving lower as the bottoms were moving futher apart. and the top one when got to the lower line attaching the bottom ones it dissappeared behind that line, like the way the sun goes down on the horizon. next the two brown spheres, rotated vertically, and as a peice of paper when your holding it and rotate it vertically when held from an angle you cant see it cause its too thin. that what the orbs did. it rotated till i couldnt see it anymore. after that happened i couldnt believe my eyes, of what i just saw, clear as day. you could give me animation tech and i could animate as if i just seen it yesterday.
i remember thinking that this was legitimate thing that i had seen, more legitimate than the other weird stuff that i had seen in the sky that i couldnt explain.
i always said that i have to see it to believe it, and i finally seen it... 
whenever i see something i look for a logical explanation, but those orbs were like anything i've ever seen before, as i am very well educated.
