{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2003-09-21 19:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5499274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"59866","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2682,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5499274.json","updb_database_id":5499274}
{cak} ufo hovering over house then flew off

I saw as I was coming home while driving, a ufo hovering over a neighbors house about 400 feet up. I stopped the car to look, there was still plenty of light in the sky but the sun was at a descending angle allowing the light to shire sideways on the craft and actually making it more visible. I saw a dark possibly black triangular craft hovering perfectly still and making no noise. there where 3 indented lines from each corner to a center orb or dome shape protruding from the bottom. in each corn at the end of each of these indentations was a red light the center dome was white and luminescent. the triangle hovered of a few moments then turned and accelerated away. it started slow but very quickly accelerated faster and faster, from the time it started moving to the time it sped up to what I could perceive as full speed only a few seconds passed, maybe 7 seconds. the sighting took place at the top of a hill and allowed a view distance of a few miles at the elevation the ufo was at, and from the time it reached full speed while accelerating away it few that distance of a few miles and moved out of sight in an additional 5 seconds. I was in the military and have see many high speed aircraft, including blue angel f-18 and hornets and I have never seen any man made aircraft that moved that fast and made no noise while hovering, the craft did not maneuver anything more then turning and flying off in a straight line, but it was definitely faster then what man made air craft I have seen and I have seen quite a few military craft. unfortunately I did not have a camera with me, (of course... :-( ). I did however find a photo that some one else took of the exact same type of object . this photo is not a picture I took but it does perfectly illustrate what is looked like, the picture I found was taken by another person who saw the same object some where else and apparently is the same craft I saw. I have added it to this file.
