{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-08-24 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5508274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"50219","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3340,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5508274.json","updb_database_id":5508274}
{nd} disk flying in different directions, flying flickering/pulsating objects

We have been seeing flickering lights from our back porch since aug 13, 2013. It started with us seeing a big round flying object on Aug 13, 2013 around 5am. We were coming from Hwy 44 towards nixa through james river xpwy. We noticed the object when we were still on 44 - it had a very weird trajectory it was flying back and forth on top of springfield. We thought it was a police helicopter looking for someone but then we noticed how fast it was accelerating and stopping and hovering.. we kept it in sight and we got to Campbell by republic road as it was crossing over the street from left to right it was close enough and low enough that we could see the shape and it was ROUND... we tried going the direction it was going. we pulled over on one side road off of Campbell and we could see kind of a valley by republic road and it hovering over what looked like a factory or a power plant and it eventually got too low to the ground for us to see it. 
Since then we started paying attention to the sky and noticed very weird "stars". From our porch every night we can see at least two stationary and sometimes some moving "stars" that flicker red green and blue. We are both photographers and have some equipment so we have been taking pictures of it ( 200mm zoom ) so we have a lot of pictures of stationary and moving lights ( always changing colors ... we rapid fire when we shoot and then see frame by frame how its changing colors ) the other day we shot what looked like a plane moving at night with lights flickering but when we zoomed in on it we could see that it was exactly the same shape as one of those "stars" but flying. oh and the last fact is that two of these stationary "stars" that we see every night appear always in the same spot but after midnight they start moving .. sometimes very fast ... and next night they are back. I am not sure what these are but i can send you pics of them ( in some pics you can even make out the shape of some structure or smth behind that light(s) )
It would be interesting to know what these are and/or possibly look at these things through a big telescope ( we looked through a smaller one look exactly like from our 200mm zoom )
