{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-11-30 17:05:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52532","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2618,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5506274.json","updb_database_id":5506274}
{cak} driving to the store, I noticed a group of lights that appeared to be moving in a group.

My wife and I had just finished dinner with some friends and were driving to the grocery store. We were heading west on I-90 and driving through Westlake at just after 5pm. 
As I was driving, I happened to notice a series of what appeared to be light trails that seemed to be floating in the sky. Im not sure what made me notice the lights but i couldnt look away. They had a quantity similar to that of a jet stream youd see in the sky, Except that these were reddish in color, and the trail never disappeared.

I made the remark to my wife that it was odd and asked her to check her phone to see if there were any meteor showers that might explain the lights. The lights all seemed to be moving in unison, from left to right, which in this context was roughly south to north. I remember thinking that was odd that the lights seemed to move at the same speed. At that point we agreed that we are not looking at a group of meteors. 

I took a series of photos from my phone that show the lights but the contrast is low. 

We exited the highway and continued to watch the lights from a parking lot. We counted 14 lights, which by this time were moving in different directions and at varying speeds. We witnessed one change directions completely, from moving towards the horizon to moving straight up to the sky. We watched it til it disappeared. 

The light trails seemed to change in length as well which we noticed on closer review. We could not discern a pattern or destination point. 

After about 15 minutes of watching the light trails, the last of them fell behind the treeline. We sat in the lot a few more minutes. As we left we make our eyes on the sky and saw what I believe to be jets moving at a very very fast speed in the direction the light trails were moving in. I know this was human activity because the her streak was white and disappeared behind the jet. There was also visible flashing lights on the vessel.
