{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-10-15 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32694","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2485,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5523274.json","updb_database_id":5523274}
glowing amber orb w/ slight wobble over SpringMill State park

We were camping at SpringMill State park campground, in the primitive camping area. There were 5 Adults 32 to 45 and three children 4, 13 & 16... Around 9pm or so on Sat the 15th, we were getting ready to have hotdogs around the fire. Everyone was pretty busy at the time except for my one buddy bob. He must have been saying "look! What heck is that" many times, because it did not register until he was yelling it and said afterwards "aren't you glad I kept saying it?"

Anyway, by the time I looked up, the object was right above us but to the south about 30 to 40 deg. from center sky... 
The object was a roundish amber colored orb of light. It was pulsing slightly in an uneven 'electrical pulse' like manor and had a slight wobble to its otherwise straight line trajectory... It was moving west to east and disappeared in the tree line... My other buddy Dallas, went to his truck a camp sight over to grab something and came back telling us that it just crossed over going the opposite direction.

When I first look up to the object, I could tell instantly that it was not something normal... Personally I was amazed and looking at it intently, trying to notice and take in everything I could. No one else seemed to think much of it other than the 3 of us. But it was gone rather quickly, even though its speed did not seem to be that fast.

Again, It was a round amber/orangeish-red glowing like light. But the light was uneven and blured, with a jittery pulse to it. It was on a straight line trajectory but seemed to have a wobble to it. The pulsing along with wobble and uneven light almost gave it a character or personality of sorts. Like if it was an entity, it was not felling to well...

I really wish I would seen it track across the sky the opposite direction again.

Thanks for taking the info

Jason
