{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-05-07 21:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"49164","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4917,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5509274.json","updb_database_id":5509274}
{nd} Bright red/orange/black fireball

It was very dark out upon my return home from the store. As I began to turn the wheel of my car to pull into my driveway I immediatly noticed a bright flame like object approaching my direction from the back yard/woods. It was really low and very noticeable. So noticeable that I stopped my car half way in the street and half way in the driveway and hopped out to get a better look. I immediatly grabbed my iphone and hit record. The object was about 10 ft above the roof line of the house and seemed to almost purposely move between my house and the neighbors rather than over the tops of the roofs. The object moved very slowly and with zero noise. As it made its way between the two houses and was to the front, I noticed it took a distinct turn in my direction. A very distinct turn. It completely stopped and hovered above my driveway for at least 30 to 40 seconds. As weird as it may sound, It almost seemed as if it was checking me out. It was then that I noticed the object appeared as if it really had no particular shape. It was almost like flying fire , very bright fire. I was amazed and baffled at the same time. While it hovered, I also noticed there was some bits of black color rolling around inside of this bright flame like object, almost as if there was gases in it. Its very hard to explain. There was no trail behind it and nothing was dropping from it at all. After noticing it stop right in front of and above me I checked my video screen to make sure I was getting it in the screen. The wierdest thing was, when I loooked in my video screen, it was a perfectly shaped orb like circle...still bright red and orange but a PERFECT circle with VERY defined edges and much smaller but when I looked at it with my own eyes it had no specific shape at all, looked like a flame, and appeared much closer. Dont know why it was a perfect circle in my video but not when I viewed it with my own eyes. It was the weirdest thing!! The object then decided to move again. It traveled in front of the house, began moving up a little higher and to the west then outta nowhere, it disappeared right in front of my eyes. I did notice that when it disappeared, it was almost as if it shrunk and at that exact moment,for a split second, I saw a small white/silver light as it disappeared. Again, I was completely baffled. I ran in the house and ran to the back deck to see if maybe my neighbors were burning things but they were not. I came back in and tried to show my sister the video and it was gone..poof...like I never recorded anything!! My sister then said the cable had just gone out too and the tv had to be reset. So weird. I also ruled out my initial thought that maybe it was a chinese lantern because one, it did not look like a lantern at all nor was it shaped as such and two, it traveled in a distinct like directional pattern, horizontially, stopped and hovered above me, and did not even travel up higher into the sky until it disappeared. 30 minutes or so later my sister was on back deck and screamed out because she saw a very very large bright white light streak through a clearing in our backyard trees. She said it was not actually in the woods but behind them and very very big and fast. It shot from southwest to southeast. The next day my neice before even hearing of the white light my sister saw, she said at that same exact time, while she was on her way to her boyfriends in Robertsville, MO a huge white light seemed to shoot towards her vehicle and then up. She said it happened so fast and she had no idea what it was but it was not above the horizon. Almost as if it was right on front of her but maybe it was just tht large and bright. So, I found it very odd all of this happened within a 30 to 40 minute span. I have since searched the area where the fireball object disappeared and was unable to find any trace of it. Nothing. I also went as far as to check how much wind we had at that exact time and our winds were at 0. Was a very very calm night. Nothing since then though. I am very upset the video was not found on my phone not to mention confused as to what happened to it. I have never seen anything like I saw that night. For some reason though, as close as it was to me, and even stopping right in front of me, I did not feel any fear.
