{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2019-02-22 20:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5462274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"98717","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2525,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5462274.json","updb_database_id":5462274}
{rjl} Silent, huge, flying V or triangle with very dimly lit lights in a V formation. 1000-2500 ft above ground

At approximately 8:20 p.m. I walked outside on my back porch in Goodyear Arizona and decided since there was no cloud cover and it had just rain to look at the stars because the moon was not out yet. As I looked up a large craft, very large in the shape of a v or possibly triangle with 5 or 6 very dimly lit lights passed right above me heading in a north-west direction that was completely silent I could actually hear it passed by with a switch or like a giant bird, but this was no bird. My guess is that it was at least the size of a football field across. I observed it for about 5 to 6 seconds before it disappeared. It was very low my guess would be between 1,000 and 2500 ft above the ground. 
When I first noticed it I thought it might be a very large pelican but once I got an accurate fix on it I realized it was a massive craft in the shape of a v. My first instinct what's the grab my phone but then I noticed the dimly-lit lights. I tried to determine the elevation and the size and realized it was the largest craft I have ever seen larger than any plane and in the shape of a perfect V or possibly a triangle. I became very excited and I ran in the house to tell my family but I assume they all believed I was crazy.I spent the remainder of the night researching what it was I possibly saw and I came to the conclusion that it must be man-made or military because it was heading in a perfect direction to Luke Air Force Base. 
I personally do not know who to contact I tried contacting lukes Air Force Base but their phone and answering service is not working I decided to look this up and hopefully someone else saw it are you can give me some insight into what I witnessed I don't necessarily believe in aliens from other worlds but this is a life-changing event for me I'm hoping to find some answers.
