{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2004-01-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5504274","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"54621","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6378,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/274/mufon-5504274.json","updb_database_id":5504274}
{cak} More then 25. Lots human all outside hearing voice look up massive UFO hover, remember was bad not good what was happening

I've never told anyone about this until today, a 25 plus year friend we just started talking about UFO' s I got brave and told her this, I use to remember the year and what city and I know I knew this, but pieces have faded almost like plucked out of my memory, I don't have a clue where I was I do know it was between 2002 and 2010 it feels most possible when I lived in NV. Jan 2004 I move there and moved away in jan 2010. I use to remember more detail stuff but it's like it was wiped out of my memory, so sometimes I think I was dreaming, but I'm pretty darn sure I wasn't. No memory of waking up after siting I was just there where ever I lived my apt. So all I remember now is many many humans outside just outside, on the side walks in the streets, on the grass. Hearing like a low buzz humming sound not loud at all, many colors of lights white red blue yellow bright lights, and this I feel was mother ship because I remember it was massive huge, I'd say easily 10 football fields or more, and a voice speaking like there were speakers u could hear e voice well, I have no idea what was said, not any more I use to, plucked out of my memory. I just remember not good, that's only way I can explain it, bad things said to all people on ground, this ship was like right there over our heads, I'd say no more then a couple hundred YARDS above and I remember maybe a mile or so straight ahead were many no actual amount I remember of small UFO's triangle shape disc shape darker color possible Grayish white or bright lights just in front as they were flying towards use don't remember seeing this smaller ones close up, I don't remember any more of ship leaving plucked out of memory, it's creepy because I KNOW I use to KNOW a lot more of this siting and it's vanished from my memory, extremely real feelings not a dream feeling, I knew what it was everyone did I remember feeling scared to death, I wish I could remember the bad, not good feelings of what the voice said and what is so bad in what we heard. I've recollected this thing siting I guess I would call it, 5 or 6 times, last time before today was less then a week but was blank as I am right now, so I just forgot about it. When I was living in NV. My hair started thinning a lot almost like small bald patches right on top up front on my head, since I moved back to Ca. In 2010 it's not thin anymore. I also use to get these little small almost like paper cuts on my fingers all the time, they be sore red and sometimes I would squeeze and clear liquid would come out, I put hydrogen peroxide on all the time so I wouldn't get infected, and just like my memory so faded about siting same goes for a so familiar feeling that I woke up all twisted up in bed at least once since then, I am not a mover when I sleep, I always wake up the same way as I feel asleep. This is hard to write about I can't explain it creepy feeling knowing memories then what I just knew what I was thinking then it's washed away no recollection of many things from that siting, that I Know I use to Know, I'm thinking maybe no more then 2 years ago that I remembered everything, it was within a year of moving back to Ca. That I had good recollection of that siting. July 2013 I bought a new mini apple i Pad never any real issues, no viruses apples don't get viruses anyway but since about 1030 am this morning, 3-12-14 after I told my friend and we went online to see some UFO info spots, this iPad is acting weird, I was filling out your questioner I tap the boxes and it wouldn't check mark the yes and no boxes very easily, and typing this letter the letters and spacing bar keeps hesitating as well as back spacing. Also I have some esp I believe we all kind of do, it use to be quite often, I NEW for a fact I was going to win a prize at my kids school function and I made it loud and clear many people heard me say I was going to win. I also had a premonition  I was awake and later that day I saw this happened on news in my head a child in a school bus who got killed bad accident , now I 
hardly ever have esp or premonitions they diminished within the last 5 to 8 yrs. I am curious if any other persons have had sort of the same forgetful bad feeling siting? I don't remember being abducted I don't feel like any objects are under skin, I did have a lot of pelvic inflammatory infections when I was in my mid to late 20, but my husband was a Cheater.  I was Leary about writing this due to poor memory of all, but very curious to see if any one else ever experienced something similar. I'm curious also to see if my iPad stops hesitating when I log out of your site, I do believe in UFO 's no one can be that ignorant to think in the massive university there isn't some other sort of life, and with ancient Egypt and drawings it shows the technology was so far advanced of these ufo's so many yrs ago, they must really be more advanced now. Anyway I hope you don't think I'm a crack pop, I hope to hear of some similar sites as I have. I believe I had another sighting very quick in February to April was month 2010 I just moved back to Ca. At my moms trailer in highland Ca. On baseline st. It was 10 or 11 pm ish super clear night I was smoking cigarette out side looking way up in sky saw light. From quite a distance and very high but I never saw anything move across the skies that fast before I knew it it was directly straight above me but still quite a distance, then this light was gone completely I kept watching never saw again, no clouds nothing just like it went right into a hole in the sky, no trails no speeding up descending, just gone that quick. Well thank you for your time. Robbin
