{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-02-20 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5512490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"45826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5512490.json","updb_database_id":5512490}
came in the room and pum my wife in a deep sleep and woke me up to watch

My story is a short one with detail 
From the age of 6 I can remember sleeping in a room and having the feeling of something in the room with me.
At the age of 9 I saw what it was for the 1st time and ever since I have had the fear of it ( will it come back will it hurt me?)

At age 16 I saw what it came in 1the ship it used to get form place to place1
At age 17 I saw it floating in the woods just outside town,we were 3 kids playing in the woods and one of the guys said 1omg man look up at the sun 1
We saw a triangle shape hovering 50meters or so from us.
The sun gave it a red glow and out came 2 of them.
Also red as if the sun was recharging there suits 
I have more detail on that but typing is not my thing

Anyway at age 23 it came back but this time setting its eyes on my girlfriend now wife.
What happened next was the start of something weird and out of this world.

last night 
it came back this time hovering outside the bedroom on the 1st floor 
it had a strong glow that lit up the room 
by this time i woke up and spoted a devise that looked like a hand on the wall just above the bed,i tryed to wake up my wife but she was fast a sleep.
after 15 sec the hand just vanished and i was thinking im dreaming but then my wife opend her eyes and her eyes was as black as the night
i was shaking her to wake up but with no luck.
then i heard a soft whisper from the foot of the bed,i looked up and saw a short blue alien I knew it was one the moment i saw it,and at that point i knew what was happening.my wife woke up and looked at it aswell,we where just staring at it for 30 TO 40 seconds.
then we bouth passed out and had the same dream of handing each other red glowing orbs 
at 3am we woke up again with a headache and neck pain 
we went up stairs and just sat at the kitchen table for 2 hours before geting a word out on what had happend.
