{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-06-29 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5514490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"43727","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3399,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5514490.json","updb_database_id":5514490}
{dr}Out on pier, looked to right, saw glowing light moving right, halted abruptly, moving right again more quickly, faded away from range of vision (moving along coastline away from us)

We were out on the North Pier of Charlevoix, MI. Many residents of Charlevoix just go out there at night to talk with their friends. I happened to look to my right and saw a mostly whitish, kind of orange-ish/red-ish light moving to the left slowly. At first I had thought it was a single-engine plane on fire, as this was mere days after a private plane coming from Indiana had crash landed into a garage of a Charlevoix home. (0.8 mile away from the pier) However, I and my fellow onlookers knew it wasnt a plane once it abruptly halted exactly where it was, quite literally on a dime (if dimes could hover). It remained perfectly still for a good few seconds, then started heading "right" (what would have been northeast/east, or along the coastline) at a much quicker velocity than we originally witnessed. Of the group of about 6 people, everyone confirmed they were seeing this all happen. Some of were excited and would have liked to think it might actually be some sort of extra-terrestrial monitoring/research ship. I personally thought it made total sense for it to be an unmanned ship, on a regular route of "scanning the coastline" for whatever reason. The rest of the group was much more skeptical and were reaching for reasons that it was probably something else, but werent coming up with much. Anyway, I cant remember whether it halted again after moving swiftly "rightward", but whether it did or not, it eventually faded out of our sight. We spent a good five minutes waiting to see if something else would happen, and the non-skeptics of the group, including me, even thought we were seeing an extremely faint, blue-ishly glowing, slowly pulsating, much farther-off source of reflection/light. I had suggested, almost jokingly, that maybe it was a cloaked ship that was docked here and had released this/these "scanning ships" to do their work and would take them back in, similar to what you would see in Star Wars or other sci-fi stuff. The non-skeptics laughed and said we were pushing it now. And of course we agreed. I think we were just hoping that something else in the sky was going on, since the actual craft never returned. And so whatever blue-ish light we thought we were seeing at this point was almost certainly one of many "illusions" in the night sky, and of course we were fine with that, since we had for sure just seen a textbook unidentified flying object. As we walked back toward the downtown area, I and the other non-skeptics tried bringing it back up for discussion, but the others wanted nothing to do with conversation about the experience, and so we respected that.
