{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61867","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":8660,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5497490.json","updb_database_id":5497490}
6 Bright Orange lights, suddenly shot up from the West, hovered in formation, then left area

As usual during the night I have troubles getting to sleep, so I usually, get up, have a coffee and smoke a cigarette, go online until I get tired and then try again later. I went outside to smoke the cigarette, and wandered around the apartments looking upwards, strolling to relax, as I always do when outside at night.

It was approximately 3am, a silent night, with a mild wind which is calm for the area I was living in 300m to the beach in Scarborough, Perth, Western Australia. With the cloud ceiling at 1300ft, and a slight dribble of rain, but nothing too drenching that I could not stand outside in it.

The apartment complex I lived in with 20 other people is on a high terrain in Scarborough, where you can get a few of the surrounding suburb and of parts of the beach, a beautiful place to live.

So, as usual looking upward and strolling around, suddenly notice, coming from the West direction over the beach, was this bright orange object, which shot up into the sky, as if someone had fired a emergency flare into the air (which sometimes people do for fun at Perth beaches) but immediately noticed how it was not exactly shooting upward in ascension like a flare fired from the ground, but was in fact, coming at such an incredible speed from over the dark horizon of the Indian Ocean towards the beach coastline of Perth, that it 'seemed' to look like it moved upwards, but was in fact, moving towards the city. The lights are as brighter than a street light, round, spherical, but oddly could be stared at in its brightness.

It stopped literally on the coastline, where the water meets the sand, hovering around 100-150m above.

In that exact moment that I realized that this object had in fact entered the air space at an incredible speed, another object did the exact same movement, shooting into scene, and then suddenly slowed, and stopped close to the other light, in a vertical two star formation.

This is when I knew, it was definitely not people messing around with flares, and that this was something beyond our technology. This is also the moment when something strange besides the visual witnessing of these two star like lights happened (much larger than stars, about the size of a penny at arms length away), something that put perspective into astronomical enthusiasm. This feeling it/they gave me.

When the second light arrived, and formed the vertical 'two star formation" it was as if they knew I was looking at them, as if I caught them by surprise being 3am on a dribbly overcast night in sleepy Perth, Western Australia.

The feeling that I received from it/them was out of this world, (I will try to give my best explanation in an analogy)

The feeling was like suddenly coming face to face with an old, ancient, Godzilla sized creature, that was gargantuan in size, and gave off a feeling that it was from a place much older than ours.

Like something of a pre-historic dinosaur, but, without any actual visualization of a dinosaur creature, it is hard to explain.

But also, I received a visualization in my mind at the exact same time of this 'huge dinosaur like feeling', of a dark brown, dusty nebula region, with no visible stars in it. Just a dark brown, dusty region of space. This lasted for just a few seconds, it gave me a scare, my face blushed, but I did not feel threatened by the feeling it gave me. 

The next awesome part of the experience was about to happen.

After this 'visual feeling' that I experienced went away after a few seconds, suddenly, the first light that arrived into the sky moments before, started to move slowly left, towards the South West, kind of along the coastline, but heading more back out towards the Ocean, keeping a stable altitude and slow speed below the cloud line.

But, just as it was around 400m from where it first was, (this next part looked absolutely amazing), suddenly 4 more lights, one by one, shoot into scene as if arriving from ultra high speed over the ocean (exactly like the first two did) and went into a four star formation just as the second light started to leave, following the first light to the South West.

I could not believe my eyes in this moment, it looked like something from a science fiction movie, of space ships coming out from hyper space speed into a 'war zone' to fight the alien enemy. Absolutely spectacular.

For some reason, it just entered my mind, having the cigarette lighter in my hand, to light it, hold it up, as if I was at my favorite band's concert and they are playing the hit softy song that everyone loved. I suppose I was trying to say 'hello' in a way. I was scared, but not in fear of my life, just confused in awe at what these light could be.

Anyway, the four lights stayed there for as long as the first two did, for around 10-20 seconds, before one by one, it/they left towards the South West, then 10 seconds later, another to the South South-West, then another followed that one, and the last one went more Westward back out to where they came from.

As all lights were leaving the area back out into the darkness above the ocean, at the same height and speed, still in view, I quickly ran in to get my house mate, who going to the toilet, and said to him calmly "Do you want to see some UFO's?", my friend, half winked and still half asleep coming out of the bathroom in his underwear, said "huh?" and followed me outside to the area where I witness the lights.

As soon as he saw the 6 lights moving of in those direction, still under the cloud line, his face lit up like a little boy on Christmas, and knew straight away that they were not from this earth.

He was kind of pacing around in his underwear outside in the apartment complex 3am in the morning, with me telling him what he just missed with them being in formation, We both reassured each other that this type of sighting was a long time coming for us, being enthusiast of space, astronomy and science fiction space travel.

The lights began to fade into dull lights as the grew further and further away, as if they 'turned off' and you could see the actual faint objects they were, from the light pollution of Perth city hitting their surface, approximately 5-10 kilometers away.

Once they disappeared into the distance, I ran straight inside, made coffee and went straight online to the Bureau of Meteorology Australian Government website, to check satellite and weather data (that is how I found out the ceiling height was approximately 1300ft).

Also, I sat up for the rest of the morning until sunrise (too excited to attempt to back to sleep) and was Googling to see if anyone else in Perth had seen any lights in the sky that morning.

This is not the first time I have seen lights in Perth, in fact, many of us here in Perth have seen them many times in single or two formations.

On another occasion recently in 2014 I saw them again, but nothing like this experience in 2010, so I thought I would share this experience as it has far more profound elements to it, than the simple quick sighting of the same 6 lights on the other occasion.

I have talked recently to people online in Perth about unexplained events in the skies above our city, and some others have seen those rascally six in the skies before as well. 

But this, was something out of this world with 6 of them zooming into the Perth skies like something out of a movie.

(A tip for those whom wish to witness something in the night sky)

Become keen in astronomy, observe the night sky in all of its natural awe.
By doing this, you will spend countless hours looking up at the beauty of the heavens, and this is how, you will see something strange every now and then that you cannot explain. Hundreds of hours of viewing and I guarantee you, that you will eventually see UFO's. 
Keep a camera with you at all times.
