{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-03-29 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5509490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"48937","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5266,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5509490.json","updb_database_id":5509490}
(GS) Two reddish-orange orbs traveling toward North over east side of Lexington, KY; 2 witnesses

Two red/orange orbs moving south to north over east side of Lexington, KY; no sounds

At approximately 11:30 pm EDST (23.30) on the east side of Lexington, Kentucky, on March 29, 2013: My small dog was agitated at the back door, barking excitedly, which is uncharacteristic for her. When I went to see what the matter was, she was excitedly indicating that she wanted to go outside. Normally she will just sit at the door patiently waiting if she wants to go outside.

I let her out, and followed onto the back deck as she descended the steps into the back yard. It was at that point that I noticed a red orb hovering stationary slightly to the north of me, high in the sky. It was too large to be the red wing light of an airplane. It did not move as I observed it for perhaps 30 to 60 seconds. I went inside to get my iphone in order to take a picture, and it was still visible when I returned, but had started moving very slowly in a northerly direction. I took pictures and a short video (or thought I did; this morning those pictures and video do not appear on my phone, but two others, taken later from the upstairs deck are on my phone.) My wife had already gone to bed, so I went upstairs to our bedroom, woke her up and told her what I was seeing. There is a second floor deck off our bedroom, and we went there, where the object was still clearly visible, continuing to slowly move in a northerly direction. I then saw a second identical object which was much closer to us, but about the same apparent altitude, moving south to north. This second object was slightly to the west of us, but nearly overhead. It was moving slowly toward the location of the first object. When we looked back to the last location of the first object, it was no longer visible.

We watched the second object move very slowly1much too slowly for a fixed wing aircraft1in the same south to north trajectory. Eventually the second object disappeared as we watched. It did not go off into the distance, it just disappeared.

The apparent size of the objects was the same. My recollection is that at the first sighting of the second object it was about the size of a dime held at arm1s length. My wife1s recollection is that it was larger, i.e. about the size of a quarter held at arm1s length. We agree that the apparent size was smaller than a full moon. The moon, at the time, was far east of these objects, which were high in the sky as opposed to near the horizon. Unquestionably these objects were not stars, both because of size and the fact that they moved.

As to color, I saw both objects as being red. My wife saw them as being orange, although she also saw what appeared to be a small red 1dot1 in the center of both objects. I did not observe this 1dot1.

Regarding photographs: This morning I looked at the photos on my camera. To my great surprise, there was no video whatsoever, and only one still shot of one of the objects. It appears to be the second one, due to it1s apparent size in the photo. The photo was taken at full zoom on an iphone 5. When the photo itself is enlarged, the object does not appear to be an orb at all, but rather appears to have a crescent shape, with curve on the bottom, but with the top tilted slightly to the west. Upon closer inspection, we thought it appeared to have a 1saucer1 shape, with the bright crescent being at the bottom. It is also possible the impression appears because of something which may be the 1red dot1 appears above the crescent. I have not magnified the photo beyond what I can do by zooming into the photo with the iphone.

The color of the crescent in the photo is much more white than the appearance of the color to our naked eyes. As I said, I would call it red, although tending toward an orange-ish red as opposed to bright red, while my wife says the color was orange with a 1red dot1.

The other photo is completely black, as if only a picture of the night sky.

I am baffled as to why there are only two still photos on my phone from last night, and no video whatsoever. I am certain I shot both, downstairs as well as upstairs. My wife thinks that I may have failed to properly take the shots due to my excitement, but I disagree. I clearly recall both the action the phone does after taking a still shot, as well as seeing the video icon active.

At no time was there any sound heard from these objects, at least by we humans. It may be that the dog heard something which caused her agitation.
