{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-03-13 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5495490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"63946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3565,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5495490.json","updb_database_id":5495490}
{nd} Thought it was a huge field/tree fire saw sparks glowing ambers, then people shining lights off to the left

Came home from a farm auction about 8:30, went to close the barn up and put the chickens to roost. looked over our field and saw a huge what appeared to be a fire. It was really windy so I got alarmed that it might catch the whole area on fire. At that time I saw the red fire glowing it was so bright it shined above the trees and you could see like smoke billowing up. I ran and told my wife and daughter there was a fire and i had to go check on it. I came back out less then 2 minutes later and ran to my 4 wheeler and looked over and could not see the fire and couldn't figure how that could be possible, I grabbed a pair of binoculars from the tractor and looked through and saw what appeared to be red hot ambers and coals in a diagonal angle left being the high point coming down to the right. I jumped on my 4 wheeler and went across my field to the fence. I could still see the fire under the tree branches. But it was going in and out but was still there. Everything seemed odd at that point, I couldn't figure how they got that fire under control so quick and I hadn't seen anyone over there nor could I hear anyone. Then off to the left i saw a light from a flash light maybe shining it down towards where the fire was then it turned away and I saw red light. A couple planes flew by and I swore I saw one out in the air behind the tree when I first saw the fire so I know there must of been other witnesses to this. Anyway I yelled over to the people and said Hey what are you all doing over there. I got no response but a little more movement and they shine the flashlight over towards my direction and I spotlighted them back but could not make out any shape. I then saw huge flashes of white light in the sky over behind where I saw the flashlights like lightning flashes that stay in the clouds. After that I saw nothing, the fire was gone the flashlights were gone and it just seemed creepy but i climbed under the barbwire determined to see where the fire was. I was in water shoes with no socks walking in palmettos which are like snake houses so I didn't go real far. I felt like there was something there but could see nothing or maybe I was just a little freaked out. But I called out again and asked who was out here but got no reply. I was out there a little over an hour. I looked back to the location that I had originally saw the fire to make sure i was in the right spot and I was but saw no smoke no smouldering ambers. So I decided I would come to look in the morning. This morning I went over there and drove everywhere on that side and up where I saw the flashlights or whatever they were and found nothing. I drove my 4 wheeler up and down the location of the fire and not a trace of a fire. Thats when I was sure something strange had happened. I know there is a couple pilots out there that saw something here last night.
