{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-04-22 04:29:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5288490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"114877","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6820,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5288490.json","updb_database_id":5288490}


[MISSING DATA]

There was no data in this report. The witness sent the following description via text.

Mr. Glidewell, thank you for getting back to me so quick. My husband said he just sent the videos which are from a phone so not the best, but watch how this craft moves not obeying the laws of physics. I completely understand that some craft we build have strange abilities but I know of nothing like this.😮😮😮 My stepfather was a main designer of the Stealth Bomber so I do get it.
To begin, I have been watching the sky for a week to see the Lyrid meteor shower and 2 nights ago Jeff and I saw 2 super odd things appearing in the sky seemingly out of nowhere. They just came hovered with bright lights too then looked like they just vaporized. We were excited of course because we have seen 5-7 flying objects here in the last year!!! A triangle with colored lights and others coming from the ocean direction but we live almost on the sound so that's my best description of where. I have always been fascinated by U.F.O's etc., but never seen one until this last year and they are never in the direction of the base. Camp Lejeune. I'm 57 by the way so I waited a long time. 
Now last night I waited until 2:30 to go outside to watch the Lyrids as then until morning as you know is the best time to see them and Jeff was getting his coat and stuff so I went out about 10 minutes before him. I laid back in my lounge looking around the sky trying to decide what direction to look when I kept finding myself going back to this super( seriously bright. It burned my eyes looking at it for 3 hours.) It was completely stationary for that whole time when all of a sudden I thought I had lost my mind because it did some weird movements. I kept looking away and rubbing my eyes but every time I rechecked it was doing it's weird movements side to side...up and down but staying in the same area. It was freezing last night and super windy but perfectly clear skies all around, so while I was trying to explain what I was just seeing to myself I tried to rationalize it as moving clouds but there were no clouds. Now, I'm yelling for Jeff to come tell me what he's seeing and it was the same as me. It was oddly moving 100%. Now the weird thing and I guarantee you that I'm not gullible and if I ever witness anything strange to me I never accept it until I've had a chance to completely debunk it, and I'm not ever easily scared but I started feeling fear and sick to my stomach and I had the strangest feeling that they could see us. It started to perform some more crazy moves that seriously to me defied the law of physics. I know the videos aren't that great but I watched that thing dance and thrust like a rocket then freefall long ways. It had no pattern at all but it's movements were not natural to me. It would jerk right then left, do a little swerve thing, I mean this thing was just looking so odd moving like that I started joking that it was the drunk aliens or alien driver's ed. I did feel like it was kind of hypnotizing in a way and the lights were so bright it was burning my eyes and making them water bad but when I looked away to rub them I couldn't look back fast enough. I did see meteors last night but once I focused on the thing the meteor shower took a back seat. I ended up staring at it and watching it for 3 hours until the sun started lighting the sky a bit. I was thinking how smart if it was alien to hide in plain sight during a meteor shower and I wanted to see if it would take off fast with the morning light. It did and did that just as weirdly. It made about 3 or four thrusts individually climbing up to higher spots in the sky but it would shoot straight up then veer right or left then do it again. It was weird as well. I mean stand still then shoot straight up that accelerated like a rocket again, I mean that thing just blasted straight up at will and I mean with serious speed and kept climbing higher until it became became a barely visible dot. After the first or second thrust though I got a scare again because out of nowhere a huge weirdly shaped cloud was coming towards me and was so close it seemed like I could touch it but it gave me the creepiest feeling because the skies were clear. I am not nor have never been afraid of clouds. This is my first time reporting anything like this but I need opinions on what the hell I saw. Please watch the videos which are from a phone so not the best but it is the bright white dot that is what you need to see. Do you think those movements are natural? It wasn't over Camp Lejeune which does have jets and flares etc. I ruled those out 100% and tried to rationalize it as a drone. Drones absolutely do not do warp speed thrusts straight up then freefall etc., though. Not a drone, definitely not a plane of any kind and it stayed above my house and I witnessed it all completely for 3 hours. It was pretty amazing though when it blasted up into obscurity at daybreak like it knew exactly when the stars would be invisible. I was never thinking of recording it until at the near end I begged my husband to try to capture it on his phone. I told him that I wanted to see if I could send it anywhere to a professional for analyzing and if not then I would drive the 20 miles to the air station and try to get help. The funny thing is that I wear a little UFO ring and I joke all the time that it's my locator so my ride can find me but what I watched last night did not feel friendly and just gave me weird vibes especially since 2 were there 2 nights before already and I couldn't shake the feeling that they could see us as equal as we could see them. Unsettling I guess is what I'm saying but I am still thrilled about this insane experience.
Thank you for taking the time to listen and hopefully give your opinion. Again please watch the videos and look at the white dot's strange moves. 
The videos are already sent on my earlier email. Please don't get distracted by the crap phone quality. The white dot is what you need to concentrate on and how oddly it moves along with hovering, blasting straight up with insane speed along with the equally weird freefalling randomly while not making one sound ever!!!
