{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-09-04 06:01:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"70124","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":5180,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5489490.json","updb_database_id":5489490}
{dr}From recliner, looked over shoulder through large window, noticed object, what I first thought was a morning star. My attention returned to television program briefly, I looked back towards light in sky and realized it's position had changed in sky .

I woke this morning at exactly 05:32 am.I set my alarm for 6 am, but am routinely awake before that. I had heated a cup of yesterdays coffee and had sat in my recliner and started watching the 1980's movie with Mathew Broderick "War Games". My day generally starts in this manner, Pryor to my daily exercise routines. I have the habit of sitting watching the sun rise, and the morning weather conditions from first the kitchen window and then from the position of my recliner looking from the living room picture window. This morning as the light of day became obvious I realized the sky was gray and overcast. To gaze out the window from my recliner I have to look over my right shoulder. This morning I noticed from my position a light in the sky that I at first thought was a morning star. That was my immediate reaction but at the same time I knew I was wrong in my assumption. I realized it was much larger and brighter than a star, and the only object visible with the backdrop of overcast skies. I mentioned the oddity to my wife who had moved out to the couch and was lying dozing, waiting for my alarm. She refused to get up and look out the window, thinking i was trying to irritate her. I glanced at the time and it was 5:58 am by this time. My attention was back on the movie as my 6 am alarm went off. In the process of dismissing the alarm on my phone I glanced out the window and noticed the object had changed position but was still motionless. The object still had a super sized star like appearance. From my chair the object was visible at an approximate 45 degree angle. At this point I was unsure whether the object had actually moved, so in an attempt to justify reasoning I changed numerous positions in my chair to prove to myself that the object had remained stationary. It was obvious it had not. I mentioned this again to my wife, and from the couch she told me to stifle it. My attention went back to the movie momentarily, but my curiosity made me look to the object again which I realized had changed position once again. My thoughts went to air traffic. The flight path over our home runs in a east to west pattern. There is a lot of air traffic in our area from private to commercial, and military. Most recently a Marine unit of Ossprey aircraft landed at our airport flying just 200 feet over our rooftop. This object had no characteristics of any craft I have seen in my lifetime. My interest was peeked at this point and my wife continued her protests from the couch. Two more times my attention was drawn away from the object and during these brief occasions the object changed position. I did not witness its moving and I continued to try and rationalize the situation. If I try and judge distance on a numerical scale from my position thru the glass of my window I can only surmise the change in positions to a totall of 6 inches in travel at a eastern position at an angle of 60 degrees in travel. Then what occurred next made me realize this situation may be questionable on a total different level. Suddenly the star like object disappeared from sight from its last stationary position. I immediately jumped from my chair, pulled on some shorts and headed outdoors to get a better view and to locate the object. The sky was still overcast in appearance with underlying lower cloud formations and this is where things became sensational to my senses....and probably unreal to most. I witnessed a partially obscured stationary, blimp like dark, not shiny, not reflecting, no flashing lights, craft with what appeared to be a fixed appendage at the visible end of the object, on the top side. It looked like a shark fin. Black in color like the blimp shape of the object. Although similar to the tail section of a airliner or smaller aircraft, this Sat in what I perceived as a reverse position and angled towards the obscured center of the craft or object. I can not reasonably judge the distance or the size. Look at a ruler or tape and what I was able to witness was slightly less than a quarter inch in length. By the time I ran back inside and returned with a camera and phone the object was no longer visible. When I went inside to retrieve a device I glanced at the clock and the time was 6:11 am. I have not seen any objects since and the sky's remain overcast at the time of this report.
