{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-24 20:33:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5454490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"107128","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2941,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5454490.json","updb_database_id":5454490}
{rjl} Can't be starlink

Me and my mother were smoking 9n our back porch when she pointed up and asked me what's that? She often does as I'm very familiar with objects in the night sky. (Armature astronomer and astrophotograper) the siting took place around 8:30 pm and lasted roughly until 8:50 I believe the objects were most likely man made they followed the same path just under Jupiter moving to just under Orion's belt. The objects moved like satellites my mom counted 15 and stopped counting I counted about 25 and stopped. They were perfectly spaced apart and on the same path as a row of starlink would be. The issue is that I follow just about every thing that goes on in astronomy and all things space related. I enjoy it! :) They moved like a sat would and just like I imagined starlink would. The issue is that SpaceX does not have that many objects up yet. I believe the objects to be in L.E.O. (low earth orbit) because I have seen all kinds of sats passing by in my experience looking through and eyepiece of my scopes. Perhaps there's more objects that SpaceX has than have tood us idk. But it was clearly in L.E.O. because its was dark on the ground and and I know how after dark up to an hr hr 1/2 the sun's still up and can be seen in L.E.O. the objects were bright at first much like a satellite then dimmed to the point were you could not see them. They kept coming moving at a speed I would say was a bit faster than most sats move. The color was the same as the color that reflects off of sats comets m.i.r. and the iss. There was no coulds at the time 2 other aircraft in the skys at the time. Anyways I never have reported before but thought it was interesting. My mother felt very uneasy but she's also not used to looking up as much as me. After about ten mins we alerted my brother who was doing school work for his master's degree. Anyways I'm currently cleaning the optics on my celeron 130gt newtonian reflector and trying to get it to connect to my laptop. So if I'm able to get them again you will have still pics and videos. I use a 20 to 25 mm eyepiece and a 2x Barlow the and a cell phone adapter and phone on pro mode as I adjust the iso for conditions light pollution ect ect. Also it will be on a very stable mount and I use a remote capture device to take the pics start and stop vids ect ect. Very strange ....
