{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-07-31 02:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5549490","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"3646","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3473,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/490/mufon-5549490.json","updb_database_id":5549490}
5 strange objects in the sky. 1 was blue. silent.

I was at home asleep..my dog wanted out. I went outside and saw the "stars" moving. Thought my eyes were just tired and acting jittery but immediatley realized things were actually moving in the sky. 2 objects were "dancing" with each other. they went up and down left and right. 1 of the dancing objects was blinking the other object was solid. to the right of these "dancing objects were 2 very bright lights and below them a 3rd blue light not as bright as the others. they moved but not irradically.. at times the clouds were behind these 3 objects to the right. my reactions to the dancing lights and other lights were amazement , confusion, slight fear, excitement. This went on for a very long time... finally around 4:20 am they got further away (the dancing lights) and took position stationary in the sky ( my thoughts were "they are trying to look like stars now") I was very tired and thought that it was pretty much over but I went back to peek about every 10 minutes. the "hovering only slightly moving lights (2 bright white, 1 blue) stayed where they were. At about 5 am when I came to peek again for the 3rd or 4th time the dancing lights were at it again! dancing together..during the whole thing the dancing lights were or seemed further away than the other lights but still pretty close..they dance down to the tree line and then back up further away and then left and right and down again...over and over.. finally they just disappeared around 5:30 maybe 5:40...not just blinked off or anything but just sord of faded away. Tonight I have been checking obsessively to see if there is any strange activity in the sky or if the 2 bright lights and blue light are there.....thinking that if they were stars (which I know they weren't, but am trying so hard to understand the whole thing) that they would be in their position or atleast nearby (since it is not 2:30 am here yet) but there is no sight of any of them. ( I did take tons of pictures and video......they are all too dark... I did however do negative imaging and lightened imaging on the digi photos and saw many orbs in the pictures but did Not see any of the phenomenon that occurred...I was very disappointed. today I am developing film from my regular camera that i grabbed. also there were 2 witnesses...my mother and father.. I woke them up. how could I not....we stayed up and watched the entire thing. Could you please tell me if anyone has reported this sighting as well from the sacrament/Elverta area of California the am hours of July 31st 2005. I reported it here because i respect your orginazation. by the way my father did call channel 3 news here when it was happening. they said they had no other reports and he said he felt really silly like they thought he was joking or crazy. I would appreciate a response from you so much. Thank you.
