{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-10-17 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480130","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79946","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2536,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/130/mufon-5480130.json","updb_database_id":5480130}
Lights/objects flying parallel and at the same speed and direction. One light changes from white to red

It was approximately 9am in St Albans (London), myself and a work colleague were having a wheel changed on a car outside a small local garage. I noticed a small light up in the sky coming overhead, it looked just like a satellite and moved at a similar speed. I was still curious as it was daylight and I have never seen a satellite pass overhead during daylight so I notified my colleague about the light and he also noticed it passing overhead. It was at this moment when I noticed two more lights travelling close to the first light, these two lights were close together and travelling parallel to each other as well as at the same speed, all three lights were moving in roughly the same direction. My colleague also saw the two lights moving parallel to each other and our curiosity grew. The lights appeared way to small and distant to be any kind of airplane, especially a commercial airliner. There was also no noise whatsoever coming from the objects/lights which made me think that they weren't fighter jets. After taking my phone out and taking a snapchat video of the first three lights, my colleague and myself then noticed a fourth and fifth light passing overhead, again, travelling at roughly the same speed and in the same direction. The fifth and final light to pass overhead was a distinct red colour and noticiblly different from the rest of the lights. Again, my colleague also saw the red light as well as the other four white ones. Neither of us could give a reasonable explanation of what we had just seen and the experience left us both baffled. All 5 lights moved off into the distance but didn't fade away like a satellite would. The lights stayed visible until they were too far away to make out.
