{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-06-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5486130","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73587","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2855,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/130/mufon-5486130.json","updb_database_id":5486130}
Bright light appeared in the direction I was traveling and did not move left or right. The craft became totally visible after that.

I was leaving Calgary at 5 in the afternoon and noticed a bright light as I neared the outskirts on the east-side of the city. As I continued east, the light did not deviate at all, which made me think that it could not be an airplane, as it did not do anything but get brighter and brighter. As I reached Highway 1, I pulled over as the light continued to approach. I got out of my car, just as the light passed the highway, and saw what was behind it. It was a huge ship that was moving very slow as it came over the road. It stopped moving forward and then turned in my direction. It seemed to be at least 600 to 800 feet long. It passed over me, moving at about 5mph. The shape was very odd, as well. It was like a flat deck, with pontoon style on it's sides. There were octagon-like windows on the sides of the pontoon structures. These windows were bordered around with rivet-like bolts. I could see in the windows, but nothing appeared in them. All this time, there was no sound of engines or anything else coming from the craft. At no time, was the craft any higher then about 500 feet as it continued along. Other cars had by now pulled over and people were outside of their cars, looking at this craft. The craft continued about a half mile from my position, then stopped, and turned again slowly and continued it's path to the west. Even as it made it's way towards the city, people continued leaving their cars to look at it. It then approached the city of Calgary and I lost sight of it. This craft was visible to me for approx. 20 minutes. I expected to read about it in the local newspapers in the next few days, but nothing was ever reported. I had to be at work in a local rural town, so I did not have the time to report it. The vision of the vehicle has never left my memory, and I can still see every part of it every time I close my eyes or even think of it. I know it has been 40 years, but I am hoping that maybe someone who was there might see this report and remember it as well as I do. I have never seen this shape listed in any peoples description before, but maybe someone else might recall this same shape.
