{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-07-12 19:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293130","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110185","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3044,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/130/mufon-5293130.json","updb_database_id":5293130}
UFO sighting

At approximately 7:30 PM Sunday July,12,2020, I exited my home to water some plants.I caught an object directly overhead out of the corner of my eye. I assumed at first it was a jet or a small cloud until I took a longer look.The object didn't appear to be moving at all and I thought it might be a balloon. I watched it for several minutes and figured it would drift away but it never did. At this point I was pretty curious and decided to get a pair of binoculars to see if I could make out what it was. Looking through the binoculars I clearly could see it was not an airplane, helicopter, or a balloon and my first impression was a large bubble. The longer I looked it was like translucent or like a shiny pearl and I could make out a light going in a circle, or maybe it was spinning and reflecting light from the object. 
I decided to get my phone to get some pics and also had my wife look at it. She could see it and see that it was stationary as well. I took a few photos but the distance was too great for my phone to show any detail, although one of the pics seems to show the light on the outer circumference I stated earlier. I also took a short video, I was disappointed because I couldn't get good detail, so it's only about :27 seconds. The video seems to show some flashes or pulses. When I watched the video back I could hear a faint whirring noise that I didn't notice when recording, I don't know what was making that noise, could be unrelated. There are also some blinks on my phone I didn't notice until playback, birds chirping and I was talking a bit in the background. I went about my business and went back in at about 8:15 PM until it starting getting a little dark, thinking I'll come back out and maybe it will be lit up, but it was gone and that was the last I seen of it. I witnessed it for a total of almost 45 minutes, but I don't know how long it was there before I came out. I'm surprised no one else witnessed this, it was very visible and the sky was very clear that day.
