{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2021-09-24 17:35:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5285130","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"118281","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3294,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/130/mufon-5285130.json","updb_database_id":5285130}
Stayed along side us in aircraft

I witnessed a UFO follow alongside my flight Alaska 2401 for about 10 minutes a little bit East of Portland OR. It had this cigar shape to it, about 2-3 meters long, and this weird shiny, blackish/whitish look to it. It was staying perfectly still in relation to us which made it look like a smudge in the sky. It had this odd, far off look to it, similar to how the moon looks, but you could tell it was only about 1000 feet or so away. I would describe it less as a craft or ship, and more as like a ‘hole in the sky’ as if space didn’t exist where it was, like a black hole. It had this hazy gray aura around it, and reminded me a lot of a computer cursor on a screen. 

Looking at it, it seemed to operate outside of the normal physics of our universe. It seemed unaffected by its surroundings, and was effortlessly keeping alongside us despite us going about 350 mph. It kind of reminded me of like a dead spot on a phone or computer screen, where it’s all black but has this slight rainbow effect around it. It reflected the sunlight in this weird way, as if my eyes didn’t know how to pick up what I was seeing, it appeared almost bright gold/white at some points, and black/lack of color at other points. I could not tell you the true color or the material of the thing. I hesitate to say metalloid, and am more tempted to say the shape/form comes from the lack of something being there, rather than from a physical thing being there. 

I know what I saw, and everyone else on the flight saw the same thing. Nobody could explain it. It seemed as if it was tethered to our plane by an invisible 1000 foot pole and was staying still in relation to us until we started to reach the city, when it started to slowly list to the left and down out of sight. 

It left everyone on the flight feeling uneasy. It was just weird enough so that nobody was sure what to make of it, but not too weird for people to freak out over. I think most people just wanted to pretend they hadn’t seen it because nobody knew what to make of it. You could easily glaze your eyes right over it and think nothing of it. It was almost like an eye floaty you could ignore, except it didn’t move from its spot and you could focus in on it. 

I wish I had pics, but unfortunately I was sitting on the starboard side of the plane, and it was off of the port side, and I was unable to switch over to the other side to get a pic or video. 

Anybody else see anything like this?? I feel like I need answers and I’m just not finding anything out there. I need to know I’m not crazy, I watched that thing for about 10 minutes and I know what i saw was actually out there.
