{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-07 00:56:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5293084","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"110231","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3026,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/084/mufon-5293084.json","updb_database_id":5293084}
Silent solid bright white light observed hovering 250’-300’ over a field, South of U166 HWY. Circular light casted below. Fled East at high speed.

On March 7, 2020, at approximately 0056 hours, I was on routine patrol traveling east on US HWY166 East of Bartlett in Labette County, Kansas. 

At approximately U166 HWY and Udall Road, I observed a very bright Solid star-like circular light hovering over a field on the south side of the HWY. 

Initially I thought the light was possibly a very bright star or possibly a visible planet. 

As I continued west on the HWY I noticed I was getting closer to the light. The light appeared as if it was only approximately 250’ to 300’ above the field. 

My first thought was that the light may have been a cell phone tower, even though I was almost certain there were no cell phone towers at the particular location. 

On the HWY, approximately East of Scott road, I found myself parallel from the light/object. 

I observed a large circular white light on the ground directly below the object. The circular light on the ground appeared to be approximately 100’ in diameter. The circular light on ground looked as if it was casted from the light/object above.

As I was driving past the light/object, I looked through my driver’s side window to see if the light was suspended in the air by a structure or tower and observed nothing. 

My next thought was the light must be from a helicopter. I rolled the drivers side window down on my patrol unit listening for the sound of a helicopter, but there was no sound to be heard. 

Confused, I decided to turn around. I proceeded East on U166 back toward the object. The object remained in the same spot it had been, only for seconds longer, then took off Eastbound at a high rate of speed. The object continued East and disappeared a few seconds later on the horizon. 

I logged the incident with my dispatch on our secure channel and returned to my normal patrol duties. 

Later I was able to go back on my Patrol units in car video and choose a record after the fact option. 

From the video I screen shouted a zoomed in photo of the light, (attached below).
