{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-29 01:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492084","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67465","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2552,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/084/mufon-5492084.json","updb_database_id":5492084}
{jpg} Huge glowing light that pulsated above mountains in Frederick County

Myself and three of my girlfriends were sitting outside on the back deck of my friend's home.
It was in Frederick County, Baltimore Maryland. It was about 1:30 am on Monday June 29th. Myself and one friend were sitting facing towards the mountains in the distance. My other 
two friends were sitting with their right side facing the mountains. It was a very clear but breezy and chilly night. In the middle of a conversation, I raised my head up to laugh (my head was down because I was taking a sip of coffee). I looked up and above my friends' head 
and above the mountains, I saw a really bright round light. It started out about the size 
Of an aspirin. Then it quickly began to get larger and brighter. I immediately interrupted my
Friend talking by saying "oh my god, oh my god look!" 
I felt every hair on my body stand up. I just immediately knew what I was seeing. They quickly 
Turned to where I was looking. It must have held that shape for about 3 seconds. It then just 
Disappeared. My other friends were saying "oh my god, it's not a plane! What is that?" 
"Oh my god". It reappeared again within seconds, as starting out small and quickly getting bigger again. At that point we all knew and said "that is a UFO, we are actually seeing a 
UFO!" We all had goosebumps. Then it became smaller again. On the third time it happened
It just vanished! It wasn't an explosion, there was no noise. It wasn't a plane, because of
The changing size. It wasn't a meteor because it was not moving across the sky. It wasn't a 
star, there were no other stars around it!
After it happened, we were all speechless. We knew what we saw and it just couldn't be explained. We felt very uneasy watching this. It just instantly disappeared! We checked
for clouds, planes, meteors, even the Space Station! It is an experience I will never forget or my friends would either!
