{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2013-12-12 17:43:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5506084","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"52736","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3444,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/084/mufon-5506084.json","updb_database_id":5506084}
{rjl} Observed an object hovering over the road that had bright flashing red, blue, and white lights that flashed randomly and then disappeared almost instantaniously.

I was traveling north in my truck from Cumming, GA towards Jasper, GA on a very heavily traveled roadway with many other vehicles present at 5:44pm eastern standard time. I turned northbound from Majors Road in the Cumming\Milton, GA area on to Post Road. While turning northbound, I happened to notice a pulsating light that appeared to be either a star or a light on top of a radio or cellular tower. I studied it for a moment because I was able to immediately rule out a star when the light began to flash "on and off." I then ruled out a light from a cell tower or radio tower because the light wasnt pulsating or flashing in a manner consistent with the flashing of a warning light. It was random and captured my attention that I then began to split between driving, talking on my cell phone, and observing this object. I tracked the object intermittently out of the passenger side of my truck for apx. one minute, at which time I looked away to the road ahead, viewed back to the right, and the object was gone. I assumed that I had "passed" the object and that it was now in my blind-spot behind me and wasnt going to think about it further. Then, about 4 seconds later, I turned a small corner with a group of trees and, as the trees cleared from the view of my windshield, I noticed an object that was apx. the size of a Ping-Pong ball held out in front of me at arms length directly in front of me. The height of the object immediately ruled out a plane and the object was emitting red, blue, and white flashing lights that didn't blink in any specific sequence. It was immediately clear that the object was not something that I had seen before. I exclaimed to the person on the phone that I was talking to that I was witnessing a U.F.O. She, of course, laughed at the notion, however, I asserted that it was not a joke. She told me to pull over and take a picture. I told her that I would call her back and I hung up the phone so I could get a picture. I pulled into a neighborhood and kept the object in my sites the entire time until I had to jump out of the vehicle. When I put the vehicle in park, and opened the door to jump out, the object disappeared. It didn't "speed away" or accelerate at a high speed,,, It just disappeared as if it just instantly "cloaked" itself by turning off its lights. I stood for a few more moments scanning the twilight sky to see if the object would re-appear but it didn't. I was completely astounded by the whole event because I couldnt believe that I had seen such an event and I also couldnt believe that the many other vehicles on the road appeared to NOT see the event at all. It was a very confusing and surreal thing.
