{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-13 17:39:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5291084","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"112254","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3128,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/084/mufon-5291084.json","updb_database_id":5291084}
Sudden cloud of light then one point into two

November 13th 2020, walking on Schuylkill River Trail approaching Betzwood Park at Valley Forge NP, very dark early. Several airplanes in cool clear skies over western Philadelphia suburbs. Sudden cloud of light to the southwest. Took out smartphone started filming as air was cool and stars shining no clouds or fog elsewhere, this event was high up apparently. As I started filming single bright point in cloud separated into two points slowly spreading out like divergence. As the points moved over my position (they were high altitude but much brighter than stars around them, as bright as planets in sky) in pitch black I saw one was smaller and fainter, possibly higher. Neither blinked. No sparks no color just bright white . They moved in a straight line taking 1 minute cover 20 degrees of sky with gap widening. smaller one seeming to go ahead. Very bright still points one dimmer or smaller or higher not sure. I caught them on my Note 8 as they went over trees. They continued to separate with smaller dot leading as they moved northwest. Took 5 minutes from horizon to horizon. No sound, no strobe,and never disapeared just went beyond horizon terrain. Saw a satelite 10 minutes later moving opposite direction and that was usual quick speed tiny dot and faded as closer to city light. Saw two high altitude planes flying in formation 3 minutes after first sighting dots were gone. Planes were headed west and full red green strobes side by side, at least 30k ft maybe higher. Those were both large planes and maybe a mile apart but flying together. Many GA airplanes at lower altitudes that evening visibility 40 miles?. Visibility was excellent. This was weird and not ISS, which I have seen, but was bright like that and moving north east which is an unusual flight direction. Video is not that bad for being a pitch black stabilized and HDR to help show background. fall evening but focus goes in and out and trees at night obstructing. objects on a flat trajectory did not waver or blink, that's all camera artifact and correction. I narrate what I am seeing. I also filmed myself a few times to verify it isn't fake video. I have originals unedited if interested. 

The cloud at beginning can be seen as it fades and they deconverge from orbit or separate? Definetly a first and if a meteor or space debris it is moving really slowly over populated area. Never seen anything slow and two part come over in my life. Cool to capture it wish phone had better camera.
