{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-25 22:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519084","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37868","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2354,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/084/mufon-5519084.json","updb_database_id":5519084}
sphere glowing dimly lit orange with small milky unsymetrical center

april 25 went to my sons home in arlington vt.to visist my grandchildren watched ranger game then left at about 10:40pm drove down dark rt 7A noticed a glow from my passenger front windshield. slowed to stop in pine trees and saw large glowing sphere. moved another 10 ft then watched through another gap in trees and turned off my car lights. i knew it was not moon there were not features just this perfect sphere at probable 100 ft. it was beyond trees and over meadow in front of mountain. i moved again about 20 ft to next opening and saw perfectly again. i noticed my car move onto grass and corrected back when turned to see glow and sphere gone. turned around, went back but nothing. drove to my motel where wife was. my cell phone was charging in room because was late and no reception in this area. told wife then walked outside to find any moon. was none. trouble getting to sleep. went in morn to manchester police to report. then went back to sons cabin and looked for moom phase on his computer to find there was only a tiny crescent. got home on long island and called hayden planetarium spoke to a director who asked me a number of questions. and finally said to me "neil it seems like saw what me and my collegues have been looking for our entire lives" i am very uneasy since this. i don't know what to do. this was perfectly clear visibility. why did i see this when there are so many remote areas near. it must have seen my headllights. i have tried to find anyone who may have seen but nothing. i called the local manchester vt. paper to tell also. i want to scream to the world what i saw. im 64 5 grandkids, havnt had drink in 9 yrs. im drug free. someone please respond
