{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-09-23 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287084","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116294","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3067,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/084/mufon-5287084.json","updb_database_id":5287084}
Red Orange triangle formation of lights faded into view,slowly crossed overhead and the faded out of view. Then shot back to the S/E at extreme speed.

I had gotten home from work and stepped outback for a smoke. I was looking N/E low on the horizon looking for shooting stars when I saw 3 red-orange lights slowly brighten into a dimly lite triangular formation. If I had not been looking directly at it when it appeared I don't know if I would have seen it at all. My first thought was "That plane is awfully low" but realized suddenly that it wasn't a plane at all. It slowly and silently, passed overhead, taking about 15 seconds with no sound at all, then all 3 lights faded as though on a dimmer switch as it got maybe a 1/2 mile away. 
I was stunned and sorta freaking out at what I had just seen. I ran to the front yard to get a more open view of the direction it went when a brilliant white ball of light shot by from W to E at such a high rate of speed I had to snap my head rapidly to follow it. Perhaps 1 second to cross my field of view. I would have to put the speed at "Well" past the speed of sound and yet there was no sonic boom or any sound at all for that matter. About 5 seconds later, an E-bound Southwest 737 flew into view.
This disturbed me extremely and I went and bought a 12 pack of beer and drank the whole thing just so I could sleep. I told my wife the next day and she could tell I was very upset. 
I have had a fascination with aircraft since childhood and was very up to date on aircraft design and development and this craft fit nothing I had ever seen or read about in any publication short of science fiction. It took me weeks to completely calm down but I still look skyward while outside to this day. 
All I know is I didn't ask to see this. I don't ever want to see it again. I can't account for the physics of the rapid speed change. While I never saw the craft change direction I can only assume it was the same craft as the odds of seeing 2 impossible things within seconds of each other defy all logic. I've only told this to maybe 5 very trusted people. I work in the medical profession and am now nearing retirement. With the more open discussion of the UFO phenomena, I feel it's time to get this off my chest and unload so to speak. I no longer live at the location but will attach a map giving directions of the sighting.
