{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-01-08 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5287734","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"115639","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2735,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/734/mufon-5287734.json","updb_database_id":5287734}
After Christmas. Thought was children toy. Hovered a moment then shot into air EXTREMELY fast. Almost triangle shape. Had 3 round red circular, shape.

It was after midnight. I was standing on my porch (I don't know why). It was after Christmas because I remember thinking it was a Christmas gift for a neighborhood child. It hovered what appeared to be just feet from the ground. It was like triangular in shape. It was black or very dark. It had three circular shaped red lights underneath the object sort of like the design of a man's electric shaver. After a moment, it took off with EXTREME speed, up and over the tree line across the road, but, It seemed to gain size as it moved. I can't not remember what happened after that. I do remember not telling anyone because people in my world don't believe including me. I am retired but I was a nurse. I have heard many people talk about them but have only heard one person describe what they saw to match what I saw. It was a paranormal show with an actor telling his story. The strange thing about the story was I was passing through the channels on tv and caught his story. He mentioned that if you have come across such things and happen to be flipping through the channel and find this story, you were meant to be aware and furthermore, if you happen to come across his story again as you flip through the channels, more or less, you were meant to know. This event happened to me years ago. I cannot tell you when and as far as I know, I have never seen one since. I don't know if this has anything to do with my sighting but, I see ghosts. I have deja vu a lot but more from dreams. I have very vivid dreams at times and I know they mean something but don't understand them until I see it happen in real time. Somehow, I have found myself following Simon Parkes. I have a hard time believing. I have since listened to people like Airman Jim ( James Fransico?). I have found myself connected to people that I don't remember reaching out to. I have never shared my exact story to anyone but my immediate family. I would love to talk with someone that understands and can help me understand.
