{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-07-04 21:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5525734","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"29991","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2538,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/734/mufon-5525734.json","updb_database_id":5525734}
two fireball shaped objects appeared before the fireworks event started and disappeared. Then one fireball appeared after the fireworks and disappeared.

We went to the fireworks display for the July 4th celebration. We parked about a mile away from the display that was set to start at 9pm in the northeastern sky, in a grassy area just off a street facing the eastern sky. We arrived at approx. 8:45pm. There we actually two sightings that occurred. Just before the fireworks were to start at approx. 8:55pm I looked to the southern sky and saw what I thought was an airplane with landing lights on, but it looked like it was on fire! It was a red fireball that seemed to hoover, not advancing to land or taking off in a direction. Hoovering. It was from where we were standing the size of 2-3 stars put together. No sound. It was hoovering for about 30 sec. then I and my husband looked to the east sky and there was another object that looked identical to the one in the southern sky probably about 1/2 mile apart from each other. Again hoovering. We looked back at the one in the southern sky and the fireball started moving towards the west and before our eyes disappeared. Looked back to the eastern sky and that object slowly started moving toward the northern sky and all the sudden disappeared. About 5 minutes later the fireworks started and lasted for about 25 mins. No sightings during the display. About 3 min. after the finale of the fireworks we were getting back into the car and was looking at the southern sky again and the object reappeared at the same spot it was last seen when it disappeared. A red fireball, no sound. My husband used his iphone to take a video of it, but not able to see anything when we tried to play it back. The fireball slowly started moving to the west again, but it was in slow motion. It was there for about 3 min. It seemed to just burn out or disappear again. Never seen anything like this in my life.
