{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-09-21 21:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5480734","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"79317","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2797,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/734/mufon-5480734.json","updb_database_id":5480734}
{rjl} First night 1 seen. Tonight, dozens seen

I'm writing this for John who brought it to our attention during our meeting with the Brevard Astronomical Society. I am the current President and John was our former President. We are amateur astronomers and astrophotographer's. He saw an object (gold) blinking in and out at 2:00 am, this morning. Disappearing and reappearing in different locations Between Denab and Polaris. At first he thought it was a aircraft but further observations convinced him it was not an terrestrial aircraft. It was zipping about and leaving a light trail. He observed it for approx. 10 minutes. He was using his binoculars. After our meeting tonight Weds. 21st 2016, he called me all excited and he could see it again. I ran out with my binoculars but sadly rain clouds were in the way. Also trees were obscuring the view. I live at best guess 10 miles away from him. He was giving a blow by blow description of what he was seeing. He got all excited and said there were two of them. Then it became three and soon he saw three in a triangle shape (in formation) flying. I got a break in the clouds and did witness two objects streak. We witnessed aircraft enter the area. Airline, Cessna and Lifeflight helicopter. Infact he would see a airliner and tell me where the objects were in relation to the aircraft. Then he said he could see twenty or thirty of them. I called Fran our club secretary who lives in Merritt Island and asked her to take a look. After I helped her as to where to look from her house, she said she could see bouncing lights. Then she said she could see a bunch of them. I asked her if they were flying like a normal aircraft and she said no. Anyway the clouds came in and we all went into our houses. I've known John for many years. I've never heard him so excited. I want to go out again tomorrow night to see this but a bunch of us will be at FIT for a lecture on the James Web telescope. Afterwards we might or make it a point to get together Friday or Saturday night to see if it happens again. During the event, we kept trying to figure out if it could be drones or aircraft, but it appears what was seen will not fit the questions we asked each other.
