{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-01-01 01:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452734","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"108901","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2720,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/734/mufon-5452734.json","updb_database_id":5452734}
Multiple objects appearing, moving into geometric patterns, and then speeding off one by one.

Just after a small New Years get together on January 1st 2012 at about 1:00am EST: 

Most of the party had left for home or were winding down inside the house. My girlfriend at the time, my two friends, and I were out back on the patio, just chatting and dreading the morning clean up from the party. One of my friends sat staring westward at the sky and pointed out that he just noticed an orange light appear in the sky off of the coast. We all turned our attention to it as it hung motionless in the sky. After about a minute of this object sitting motionless as if it were a planetary body or something (it was not twinkling like a star), it began to slowly move to the north, stopping again for another minute or two. We started to speculate what it could be as we were now intrigued that the object had moved and stopped again. Very shortly after it sat motionless again, it completely disappeared. While this was very interesting, we weren’t too surprised by this as we thought it could probably be explained. We decided to go back inside and just as we were starting to stand up, my friend exclaimed that the object had reappeared. We all fixed our gaze back on the object again and this is where things got weird.

The object reappeared at about the same location it had disappeared from, but this time it was accompanied by 7 or 8 additional objects of the same appearance materializing in a circle, one after the other, counter clockwise. After maintaining this formation for just a few seconds, the objects all began to move like synchronized swimmers, forming various geometric shapes. They would move very quickly into the various configurations and hold each formation for a few seconds each. This went on for a shocking amount of time. I’d say about 10 minutes. After that, the objects returned to their circular configuration and then proceeded to vanish one by one, just as they appeared. One object remained for a minute and then accelerated at an upward angle to the North, instantly, and then vanished.
