{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-11-03 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5528734","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"26826","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3168,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/734/mufon-5528734.json","updb_database_id":5528734}
silent black triangle flew directly overhead

I am a firefighter and we had moved down to station one (above address) to cover their district as they were on a call. while there I was on the phone with a friend, walking around outside the rear apron of the station. I looked up and saw a giant black triangle, relatively low altitude 10,000'(?)about the level that low altitude planes are flying, it flew directly over my head, as it was over head the shape of the triangle changed, I say "changed" well what I know is that the patters of lights on the bottom of this ship changed so maybe it was a angle issue of something I don't know, what I do know is first is was just a triangle then a second later is was a triangle with an extension in the front. It made no noise, none at all, the lights were all identical in shape size and color, the blackness of the craft blocked out the stars behind it (it was solid). The lights were subdued red/orange and constantly light besides the front (shape change), they were rectangle in shape and outlined the entire ship, it was a black triangle with red/orange brick shaped lights around its outer edge, nothing past the lights as i could see the stars again. Ok, the shape change - what happened was the triangle all of a sudden had extended its front point, what I mean by this is, first the lights and blacked out sky were triangular and the next second the front of the ship had extended with lights, now the lights extended from the front (top) of the triangle and the lights were arranged in a parallel line up of maybe two or three lights out from the front, then back out at an angle for one brick and another at an angle back in, and another brick forward then the two parallel bricks came together angled in towards each other. I was shocked both when I first saw this and I told my friend on the phone holy **** there is a ufo flying over my head, she continued to talk and I said did you hear me, I am looking at a ufo flying over, she said take a picture, I knew there was no time to take a picture and I don't think the phone camera would have caught anything anyway, besides I couldn't take my eyes of it. I feel it was at a low altitude one for the size of the ship and as it went out of sight relatively quickly, it was ~ 6' wide at its back and flew about the same speed as aircraft.

I immediatly thought it was a "black triangle" i don't feel it was "out of this world" i feel it is our military's. I am always looking up into the sky at night looking at the stars, and just happened to be outside at the time.
