{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-11-05 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485734","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73992","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6256,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/734/mufon-5485734.json","updb_database_id":5485734}
ufo abduction with pictures of inside the ship& 3 aliens

March 2012 - to present day, i have had over 100 ufo sightings. around 1/4 have been extremely close encounters. 7-10 close sightings had multiple witnesses, my last encounter/abduction that i last remember was November 5th 2015 , well at 1st i didn't remember anything, i woke up and knew instantly something had occurred, found a few scratches but couldn't find anything that strange to know foresure. later in the afternoon i looked at the pictures on my cell phone and my memory of the encounter came back as i looked at each picture for the 1st time.

Pic-1
It started off that I remember feeling a energy wave that was throbbing and it felt as if i was being put to sleep. I got up, grab'd my cell and stumbled to my bedroom window looked out and right above my building was the exact same glowing golden amber red/orange plasma alien ufo as Carlos Diaz's ufo pictures. and was now my 3rd time seeing that specific craft, that close. I took a pic as it started to come lower and it had some energy beam dematerializing my nextdoor neighbors home, so that the ship wouldn't damage anything. 

Pic-2
when it got a lil lower then 80-60 ft a large golden white sphere ejected out from it and slowly came down almost touching the ground , hovering a few feet off. When it started to pull me towards it, as i got near it floating towards the opening i took a picture, but it is too bright to really see anything..and i think bcuz of the dematerializing retractor beam i was in, is cause for the blurr

Pic3 is not the original, only filter was added as it was too bright.
Before i entered the ufo i figured that like every other time before (whoknows?)i wouldn't be allowed to stay awake or remember anything this time either,... so as soon as i entered i took a pic, and was right.. i black out as i took the picture, and i remember what the 1st alien looked like, half of his right side of his face i captured in the pic,(top right side pic3) also he had like a yellow-golden holographic glowing image or version of himself radiating off of him, like his body was a projector, could be a biomagnetic force field of sorts?maybe?if i were to guess,..anyways .i think he may be the reason why most ppl remember a big bug like praying mantis, i think he may be 1 in the same.. He had dense thick glowing white energy clothes ..and then i blacked out fully..i hope?lol

Pic4
I came too, still inside the ufo laying down, still with my eyes closed,(my choice)i could hear that i wasn't in my room, as they made such odd noises talking back to each other,. as i became aware of what happened, i pretended i was having a flying dream, so that i could feel for my cell and not get caught by any telepathic eavesdropper listening in and monitoring if im still blacked out under their control or awake. and i believe he was distracted and didn't notice me open my eyes turn my camera on and said "say cheese!" and i was out again as i took the last pic. but i got to take a look at least, and i myself was bright light. light was radiating from off of me and i couldn't see any other lights, the walls were like black void, i seen a laser machine to my right,floating away hovering from the top. and i seen 2 aliens at my feet doing something, working on something, closest alien was a tall clammy brown/with a pale white hue- humanoid,same glowing white clothes as the big bug and when he turned to look at me, he vanished, or was cloaked, and I caught it on camera! as he is turning invisible, you can see his blue fingers in motion blurr reaching towards me, with a few finger tips behind the toes of my Left Nike Jordans shoe glowing the same white light i was glowing. 
The 2nd alien is very short, 2ft tall and navy blue'ish dolphin skin.His face and eyes are visible- follow directly above my shoe right above those fingers blue fingers of the 1st alien is the short aliens face, He is the same alien i took 3 pictures of my last birthday, i'l file that 2moro 2u..

Pic#5 is pic#4, but with color inverted like a negative- gives more perspective.

Pic#6 is also pic#4, but with heat and thermal filters- which shows actually a lot more than the original, you can see detail in the alien, his face and eyes, his body, the dip in his armpit, his arms and fingers, and the aura around him cloaking him, i suspect this is important to our scientist. :) welcome, it also shows a perfect absolute clear cut no doubting outline of my shoe and to top it all off is the laser machine in the top right corner, with my face, cell and fingers reflecting my image like a mirror off of the laser machine,

Pic#7 is the alien from my June 17th 2015 abduction @ 12:15am  

Please investigate as i contacted mufon at the start of my ufo sightings in 2012 and never got a reply back, thank you for your time Ryan G.
