{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-25 05:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487734","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71923","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3495,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/734/mufon-5487734.json","updb_database_id":5487734}
{jpg} I'm making a separate report for this first siting. Two very bright orbes that looked like headlights on an invisible aircraft? coming directly toward my home. appeared to be going over my building.

I am creating a 2nd report of my first siting of this object simply because it seemed to have affected my memory of the siting. 
I was in my apartment home with my cats. At night I always open all blinds and curtains because my place is all windows on that side and I like to enjoy the evenings. I also have my sliding door open so the cats can go in and out on the patio.
I was walking from the kitchen to my living room, went to sit on the couch, and suddenly saw these two super bright yellowish headlights, which people are calling "orbes". They appeared to be coming right toward me, and the were a decent size, coasting along maybe 20 mph.
The strangest thing is I always run get my cell phone to take photos of weird things I see, for example all of the drones in the area lately. I have seen several hovering around people's yards, etc. I have been taking photos of drones.
The strange thing about this "thing" is that I ONLY remember seeing it at that moment for maybe a minute and I remember nothing else. I was sitting on the couch, and then went to my window and out on my balcony and there was nothing. I remember it looked like it was heading toward our building with the intention of going over our building. 
Like I said, I seem to have lost time or something because I definitely would have been very aware and snapping photos of this thing as it was so close to me right outside my window!
Also, my cats were acting strange ripping through the house.

The other one that I saw later, within an hour or so...I was taking photos of it, and went inside and thought I better document the time so I can report it, and it was 5:45 am. I was in total shock. I could not believe it was 5:45 am, and what did I do the whole night? THE weirdest feeling ever. I know it sounds totally crazy but at this point I don't even care what it sounds like. It happened!

I took photos of the second siting, which looked like the exact same object but traveling a different direction and much higher up, still heading toward my place coming from the East. I lost time with both of them and my cats freaked with both of them.
