{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1992-04-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524509","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31339","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3185,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/509/mufon-5524509.json","updb_database_id":5524509}
Bright light with abrupt down then up and out of sight movement and a speed that seems incalculable. Unforgettable in every way mainly because theres is nothing to compare it to.

My UFO sighting happened while I was driving on Hwy 820 in Fort Worth.
(The sky was free of clouds.)

I was on my way to Trade School and concentrating on the traffic and listening to the radio. All of a sudden my attention was captured by a bright light in the sky. The light made an abrupt movement and quickly disappeared. 

I had an immediate process of deduction going through my mind following the sighting. I told myself that it couldnt have been an airplane, helicopter etc...becauce it was so unbelievably fast. And the light was so brilliant and its movement was not like a normal aircraft. 

I distinctly had a feeling that what ever it was did no really want to be seen. And I did not get to see it very long at all. But I do know that I saw something that to this very day make me wonder deeply about reality. I became alot more passionate about topics involving ancient Egypt, Stonehenge, crop circles, Nazca Lines ... History Channel programs. 

At the Trade School, while in computer class, I did mention to a classmate what I had witnessed earlier while driving and other classmates heard the conversation and rudely made fun of me for telling about my UFO account. I felt slightly embarrassed but quickly shrugged it off. I couldnt allow any one to shame me into thinking that what I saw was just my imagination.      

During my sighting I never became afraid only bewildered and mesmerized.

In less than 10 years I had a second sighting. This occurrence I was a passenger in my sisters car. She was driving. We were traveling south bound on 360 and just having a normal conversation. At the same time our attention was drawn to a bright light in a clear night sky. The light moved simular to my first sighting and I was once again amazed. I had to calm my sister down. She asked me "Did you see that?" And I replied "Remember I told you I saw a UFO before and you didn't believe me?...Now you got to see what I saw! She told me that she couldnt hardly drive because her leg was shaking so bad and she said it felt like her heart was beating out of her chest! I asked her to calm down because it was gone. She then said "We cant tell any body about this cause theyll think that were crazy. I told her I knew, I had already found that out but that I didn't care what others thought. 

Anyway, thats what I remember. Thanks for the opportunity to share with others. Sincerely, Salem
