{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-02-24 01:25:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5520509","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"36046","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2337,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/509/mufon-5520509.json","updb_database_id":5520509}
I witnessed what I first believed to be an airplane due to its steady slow straight course. It immediately accelerated to a speed unknown to me in concordance with a boom. It was gone completely after that.

I was lying in bed and I had just shut my TV off. This was the first time in 20 years I had turned off my TV to go to bed because Im severely afraid of the dark. I had not slept the night before and for some reason I felt comfortable enough to sleep with just the light of the night. I spent approximately 20 minutes performing my yoga breathing exercises. When I was done I opened my eyes and I was facing my open window. In clear view was a star, aspirin sized and completely stationary. To the slight right of this star was what I first thought to be an airplane due to its slow and steady speed and its straight trajectory. Almost immediately after I noticed this object it accelerated to a speed I cant explain or understand. At the same time as its mind-numbing acceleration I heard a sound that I also struggle to explain. I have been witness to a shuttle launching and although this sound wasnt as loud, its the nearest comparison I can make with the exception of what I imagine a sonic boom to be. I was suprised that the windows didn't shake. I literally JUMPED out of my bed as it disappeared and made that sound, I ran to the farthest range of vision that my window accords. It was completely gone. I was and am very frightened although I never felt any realistic threat. I was so shaken up after this that I ran around my house hysterically and couldnt wake either of parents who are very light sleepers. I consider myself to be an open-minded person but also a healthy skeptic. This experience truly defies my understanding.
