{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-04-11 05:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5519509","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"37393","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2726,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/509/mufon-5519509.json","updb_database_id":5519509}
It was an elliptical kind of an object with two small projections downwards and a tail kind of thing.

It so happened that a friend of mine, who was on his way to his usual morning exercise session, saw something odd, he soon gave me a ring, I was just awake when I received the call. I happen to have a camera with a pretty good zoom. I shot more than 30 clicks of which some of them got blurred and 27 reasonably good pictures remained.

The object remained pretty odd and kind of pretty in appearance. To a naked eye it appeared like a dot but larger than any star and quite small than moon. In fact moon was visible when I shot it and sun had not yet shown up. The features observed were two projections and kind of tail; these were apparent only in the zoomed and clicked image. The tail was kind of a very thin line but with a thicker sphere kind of thing at its end.

The object was stationary and no other dynamic features were observed. However, the day was moderately cloudy. Initially the sky was its background, as if by chance, the clouds migrated towards it. Here some interesting observations were made. When snaps were shot at the UFO amidst the clouds, the capture was pretty same expect for a slanted black band kind of thing covering more than half its area and quite a couple of shots were made with clouds on, in each of them the black band plus a dot kind of thing in the band zone were consistently seen. For about half an hour did I gaze at it and saw no kind of motion apparent.

It did not arouse any particular feeling or emotion neither did it seem provocative kind of.

After about half an hour of gazing, I thought of finishing off the morning rituals and return. When I was back after about half an hour, it was seen no more.

It was seen in the north eastern direction and I could not estimate its elevation.
