{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-08-17 03:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530509","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24970","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2568,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/509/mufon-5530509.json","updb_database_id":5530509}
Orange object in Eastern sky, disappears in white flash of light and loud boom.

At a little after 3AM, as my brother, a friend and I were leaving my brother1s place in the South end of town and making our way to his van, something in the far Eastern sky caught my brother1s eye. After pointing it out to us, we fixed our eyes on it as well and immediately tried to figure out what the thing was. The object had an orange color to it, no visible blinking lights, and flickered like a flame. By using a telephone pole as a marker, we could track its movement pattern, which changed directions from left to right, almost as if it were being effected by wind, except that it was moving in straight lines. At first we thought it was something attached to a balloon, until we noticed that it became perfectly stationary more than once. Any movement it made was very gradual and calculated, but it was definitely traveling. We noticed it was neither getting further away or closer to us and only traveled a very small distance up and to the right from where we originally marked it with the telephone pole.

We were watching this thing for a good 5 or 10 minutes, still clueless as to what it could be, when all of the sudden the object disappeared in a lightning-like white flash, followed by a loud boom that echoed off the mountains behind us in the far distance. The only explanations we could come up with were a) it was a craft of some kind that took off at such a high rate of speed that it created that loud boom, or b) it was an explosion of some sort. What we can1t figure out about the explosion theory, however, is the white flash. A firework, perhaps? The only problem with that, though, is that fireworks always have a visible flame or spark. This thing was just a pure white flash of light with no visible flames, sparks or smoke. It was just gone.

Anyone else who may have seen this that night is welcome to e-mail me @ 
*(Wit's email address deleted--SGonzalez/CMS).
