{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2012-06-10 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"66644","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2482,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5492880.json","updb_database_id":5492880}
{cak} On Interstate 90 about 45 miles before La Crosse see circle white lights two that zig zag then stand still but fly away.

1) I was on Interstate 90 driving in Wisconsin as I was on my way to Minnesota to pick up my son. I like to drive on the 4 hour and 30min drive late into the night so I get there early morning. 

2) I was smoking a cig and listing to my XM radio and just looked up driving as I notice 2 bright white disc looking lights about 5 or more miles away. I was the only car on the highway at this point and even if the UFO was far away I could see it from a distance. 

3) When I first noticed the object I told myself Oh my I'm looking at a UFO. As I do believe but never would think I would ever see one. I was in shock trying to reach for my cell phone to take video but I was having like a panic attack over the incident I didn't record it in time. 

4) When I seen it was circle looking bright white in one place then few seconds later I seen two. They were just hovering in one place from a distance as I was about 5 to 8 miles from it on the highway as they were towards the wooded area away from the highway. Then about 15 to 20 seconds later they both zig zag in very weird direction that's not possible for something man made. Then after a few moments later they were gone so fast it was like they disappeared. 

5) My feelings and reactions were shocking. I felt shaken up a bit and could of had a panic attack. I'm in my early 30's and a grown man and still knew my dad would be up and not sleeping. So I texted him what happen after the UFO went away and he didn't believe me. So after that I never really told anyone about it. I started to watch more History Channel and the shows called ancient aliens and hangar 1 to learn more about the sightings. 

6) How did I lose sight of the object it disappeared like It must of moved super fast straight up.
