{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-07-17 02:55:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24583","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2857,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5530880.json","updb_database_id":5530880}
2 white lights that looked like stars flying in upward motion side by side

My husband and I were in our apartment swimming pool gazing up at the stars at 2:55am. We were pointing out the various stars like we commonly do when we're outside. My husband had reported a sighting approximately a month ago of lights in a Y shape behaving in a weird manner. I never got to see those but.. as we were looking at the stars, I looked to the SW and so far distant in the sky, I saw what appeared to be 2 white moderately bright stars flying side by side in an upward motion towards a 1 o'clock position if you were to compare to a clock. They went up at a medium speed but too fast to be an airplane. The two stars were quite distanced from each other so I don't believe it could have been lights on the wings of a plane. They moved somewhat erratically but flew towards the 1 o'clock position slowly up and exactly side by side. I was frightened when I saw it. It was like nothing I had ever seen before. I am not one to quickly believe this stuff, and it freaked me out after having heard my husbands story. It seemed odd and ironic to me that it could be happening again, just this time I'm having the opportunity to see it. I called out to my husband and said "what the hell is that!" He couldn't see it at first as I pointed, not removing my eyes from the white starlike lights. They were moving, travelling and I couldn't believe my eyes and I was trying to figure out what they could be and my husband finally spotted them. I must have looked away at my husband to see if he saw them because when I looked back, I could see them slowly fade out and they were gone. My husband says that he did see the two lights/stars except by the time he saw them he said they were moving down together side by side. I have no idea what these lights are but, it's the first time I've ever seen anything like this and I am totally freaked out and somewhat frightened. I went outside just a while ago to see if I saw anything else and there's nothing but pretty stars. I just can't explain those lights. It wasn't a plane, they weren't stars because stars do not move together side by side in an upward fashion moving kind of erratically, or jiggly as I will call it. It just makes no sense.
