{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2009-08-09 21:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5518880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"38102","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2206,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5518880.json","updb_database_id":5518880}
UFO hovered just over and above treeline across from Oceana Airbase. I drove on Ocean Blvd. so I couldnt stop.

Turned down Oceana Blvd. from Damn Neck Road to head towards First Colonial Road. Sky was dark and clear. Passing the stoplight where the Commissary is and making the short sharp right curve I immediately noticed a massive triangular shaped object with massive lights on its bottom just hovering above and just out from the treeline directly across from the 7-11 and entrance the the Air Base. I was doing 45 mph in good traffic so stopping wasnt an option that was immediately available. The nose of the object hovered between the Oceana Blvd. and the treeline just 20-30 feet from the edge of the road. The object widened out massively from its nose in a triangle shape and extended back behind the treeline out of visibility I had to drive nearly underneath this object and right past it. I rolled my window down to listen as I drove underneath of it and heard nothing. Three lights were visible from the portion of this craft I saw hovering. The lights were round, each one atleast 15-feet in diameter and extremely bright.The craft was black and did not have seams or texture on its bottom surface..I was able to determine the shape of the object because of the lights on the bottom reflecting off the bottom of the crafts edges. The widest part of the craft sticking out above the treeline was atleast 100 feet. This continued some unknown length far behind the treeline. The object was completely still and silent from the time I first noticed it until I drove nearly underneath it and passed it
