{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-05-15 10:11:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5485880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"73846","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7006,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5485880.json","updb_database_id":5485880}
All the

The Scientific Research On UFO1s (Unidentified Flying Objects)*

1.1 Abstract:-
This Research is done to explain the phenomenon of Unidentified Flying Objects. This is an Scientific Research on the UFO1s. More Scientific Explanation is given in this Research on UFO1s. There are also many UFO related pictures shown in this scientific research which depicts the scientific study of UFO1s. Many Students want to study UFOlogy but the sad thing is that it is not taught by any universities. If we find on Internet then we can find some of the Universities which gives an degree in the UFOlogy. Some of them may be fake! But most of the Universities or Colleges in the world does not give an degree in UFOlogy nor it teaches the UFOlogy. 

1.2 Introduction 1 UFO is the Unidentified Flying Object which can be seen to anyone at any place and at any instant of the time. Sometimes the UFO Phenomenon is fake but at most of the times the occurred UFO phenomenon can be real. But people believe that it is fake. It is people1s believance. But some people believe in the UFO phenomenon. And some just ignore. Some people study the UFO1s. There are many organizations over the world which does the scientific study on UFO1s. MUFON is an famous organization in the world which does the scientific research on UFO1s. And also there are many UFO Research Organizations which does the Research on UFO1s. UFO1s are seen to many people all over the world. Many sighting details are been reported to the UFO Organizations. After doing the case study of those reports researchers found that some of the reports were true and some were fake!

1.3 What is a UFOlogy? 
Ufology1is the study of reports, visual records, physical evidence, and other phenomena related to unidentified flying objects (UFO). UFOs have been subject to various investigations over the years by governments, independent groups, and scientists.

Fig 1.1 

1.4 UFO1s in India
UFO near Taj Mahal.

Fig 1.2
This is the Picture which shows the UFO1s near The Taj Mahal. This is the Real Picture of an occurred UFO Phenomenon on March 2008 in Agra, Delhi. This photo was taken in real time and at real place. This is an true UFO Phenomenon Photo and is an Evidence that the UFO was seen in India on 2008 near the Taj Mahal. There are also many places in India people have seen UFO1s. UFO was also seen in Goa and most of the people from Goa have reported their UFO Sighting to UFO Reporting Websites and UFO Organizations. 
UFO in Himalaya.
UFO was also seen in the Himalayas region. It was a very famous event which was occurred in the Himalayas. The Below picture shows the UFO which was seen to the Himalayan People. 
  Fig 1.3           

1.5 Kinds of UFO1s 
-> There are many different kinds of UFO1s seen to most of the people all over the world. UFO1s differ from each other. There are Kinds of UFO1s found and been seen to many people in India and also all around the Globe. There are many Sets of UFO Sightings. The Below Set is a very Important and a Main Set of UFO Sightings. 

Fig 1.4

1.6 The Real Picture of a UFO by NASA

Fig 1.5
This is a true evidence given by NASA on the UFO1s. This is a very famous photo of UFO captured by NASA. This photo of UFO1s has been given a name as 1STS-61C-31-0021. This photo goes Viral when Uploaded by the NASA. This Photo shows a black triangular UFO. It is very dense and a very dark UFO. NASA Scientists have studied this Photo and found that it is a real photo of an Unidentified Flying Object. It is a very beautiful photo of a UFO which was taken by NASA recently.

1.7 Different Shapes of a UFO by The Sutter Stock
Fig 1.6
This is a block wise picture is given by the Shutter Stock. The Shutter Stock is a photo , music and a videos store. There are the different shapes of the UFO1s given in this particular Photo. Each UFO Shape is showed in each new block. It is a very Creative Photo of the different UFO Shapes given by the Shutter Stock Company. It is very innovative image that is found on the UFO Photo Store of the Shutter Stock Website. This is a block wise picture is given by the Shutter Stock. The Shutter Stock is a photo , music and a videos store. There are the
different shapes of the UFO1s given in this particular Photo. Each UFO Shape is showed in each new block. It is a very Creative Photo of the different UFO Shapes given by the Shutter Stock Company. It is very innovative image that is found on the UFO Photo Store of the Shutter Stock Website. 
Fig 1.7

1.8 Different Kinds of UFO Figures and UFO Representations. Fig 1.8
1.9 The Different UFO Sightings Graphs Reported to the MUFON 1 Mutual UFO Network, America. 
 
Fig 1.9

Fig 1.10

Fig 1.11


Fig 1.12

Fig 1.13

1.10 The Main and the Important Different Shapes of UFO1s.
There are the several different kinds of UFO Shapes and Types.* The below three picture shows the exact types and representative shapes of the UFO1s.
Below are the Fig 1.14* , Fig 1.15* and Fig 1.16 respectively.*

F

b

1.11 The Real & the True Scientific Graph Overview Scripps and Ropper Polls of UFO1s and Aliens ET Life .*.*

1.12 Conclusion :- 
A comprehensive analysis of the UFO phenomenon, as well as original research and experiences of members of the CSETI (Center for the Study of Extraterrestrial Intelligence) CE-5 Initiative Working Group, has enabled us to make some specific conclusions about UFOs, Extraterrestrial Intelligence and their motives. The summation of this analysis, which follows, is intended to assist both groups and individuals in their efforts to understand this complex subject.

-----------------------------------------The End -----------------------------------------------
This Scientific Research on UFO1s is Done By
MR. PARESH N. NAIK
F.Y. B.Sc. Student
Department of Geography & Research Center
Parvatibai Chowgule College, Autonomous
Pnn004@chowgules.ac.in

Thank You.
