{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-05-22 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5501880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"57147","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3124,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5501880.json","updb_database_id":5501880}
{dr}Middle of the night, clicking sound and blue/green reflections upon a bedroom wall

I'd just watched a special on the Phoenix lights and felt myself opening up to the reality of ET phenomenon. I'd gone to bed thinking about what we have that might be of interest to ETs. I'd been asleep for less than an hour when I was suddenly awakened by something, I don't know what. Right away I became aware of frantic clicking sounds, insect or bat like, in both my head and outside of it, above me. This was very unusual. I've never felt anything like it before. I removed my earplugs to see how this might change the sound and thought it odd that it made no difference to the volume of the sound in my head. It was like what we imagine telepathy might be like. Very clear, loud, and fast..as if whomever was making it was upset about something. I had the feeling this was related to my sudden waking.

I'd been out of bed and to walk around the room while taking out my earplugs. This went on for about four minutes before I returned to bed and lay staring at the opposite wall to try and make sense of this odd occurrence. At the time I did not know about insect-like ETs, only the Greys and Communion's Blue People. gradually I became aware of blue-green lights reflecting on the inside wall I was looking at. There are no roads nearby and our neighbor keeps a red bulb going most nights, but not this one. The lights blinked only 3-4 times then they were suddenly gone. The sound had left before I returned to bed. I believe it had faded gradually.

I know this is not a lot to consider but I believe in the work you're doing and in reporting what happens to us. My personal hope is to eventually discover whether anything similar has happened to anyone else so I might confirm its origin. It felt to me as if my waking had interrupted something. Immediately prior to waking I dreamed--rare for me after so little sleep--of being in a sort of assembly-line with an aunt. We were having a disagreement and I said, "but I'm the one helping YOU out here" my only association with this aunt is of her choice to raise her family in the inner city, among a far more diverse population than my own mother chose. Childhood visits to these cousins were always filled with new and unusual experiences and friends. I would never speak to any of my aunts as I did in the dream. 

There is no possibility that I dreamt the sound or visual stimuli. I am certain of my wakefulness from the moment I became aware of the strange sound sensations.
