{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1975-09-30 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5510880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"47508","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3176,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5510880.json","updb_database_id":5510880}
{nd} 1:00 am driving home 3 of us saw ufo hoovery over house

I was driving to Sweet Home Oregon late at night about 1:00 am with my brother and a friend. I just turned the bend just past the old Shirleys Tavern (1970s hwy 20 the four lanes ended there and went to two lane toward Sweet Home)and saw two lights close together (red and green)about a 1/2 mile. The lights were close to a farm house on the right side at the top small hill just before getting to the old Midway Store. When I turned the bend I saw the lights thinking they were lights to a new short way radio antanna. I was just kidding and said look a UFO and didn't think anymore about it. When we got next to the house (we were below the level of the house because of the cut bank next to the road) our friend was laying down on the back seat with his head on the passengers side of the car we thought he was sleeping when he started yelling UFO UFO then my brother was yelling to pull over I could not see it because the roof of the car was blocking it. I pulled over as soon as I could we all got out of the car and was no further than 200 feet away and at this side of the UFO was only a white light. It was just above a tree next to the small farm house. The UFO was flat silver rounded triangle with a dome on top and bottom with a light on each corner of the triangle. (best way to describe it was the standard saucer shape UFO with dome on top and bottom but instead of the saucer being round it was still round but in a triangle shape soft corners not sharp)We watch it for about 20 to 30 seconds with the white light became in an instant almost blinding with in less than a second it flow up and to the west and was small as a star. We all jump back in the car screaming and cursing I drove east toward Sweet Home as fast as I could while my brother with his head out the passengers window and our friend watch it out the back window telling me it stop than to off again. The three of us had never been that scared before at least I wasnt. I took them home and I was living with my sister in Lebanon and I really didn't want to go back that way. I drove to her house and did not see it on the there. The night was clear with stars out and do not remember seeing the moon. There was no sound at anytime when watch it hoovering and flying off. When it was hoovering it was as still as the house was.

I did see it again a couple of months later on the same road and will fill out another report.
