{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-11-03 20:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80198","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2479,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5479880.json","updb_database_id":5479880}
{dr}I walked out of Krogers with my 9 year old son and looked across the parking lot and up in the sky and witnessed 3 red lights in a straight line from left to right taking up about one inch of space in the sky and another light

I walked out of Krogers with my 9 year old son and looked across the parking lot and up in the sky and witnessed 3 red lights in a straight line from left to right taking up about one inch of space in the sky and another light about half inch in the sky below it. The three lights stayed stationary while the light below it drifted off to the the right slowly. The line of three lights slowly went dim to blackness and started reappearing while the little light slowly went black. This happened about three time til the line of lights completely disappeared and did not return. The little light went out and came back a few times. Then remained dark for about 5 seconds, then reappeared and floated off the right flashing a few more time then completely disappeared. I would say the objects were a few miles away from us to the south, maybe 3 or 4 miles at the most. We drove to the south to pursue but never saw the lights again. 

We live in the flight path of Columbus Airport and there were planes off to the east coming into the flight path at the time. We are very familiar with planes. This was not a plane. We saw something very similar in North Carolina in 2015 and shot some video that is now on UFO network that was made of of flashing red lights that flashed off and very slowly. That object actually got within 300 or 400 feet from us and made no sound as it traveled very slowly past us. We witness that for atleast 8 minutes above the fairway on the golf course. The 3 lights we witnessed last night in the line pattern where very similar to that encounter. I also pointed these lights out to a lady who walked past us coming out of the store.
