{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-09-17 20:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5523880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"32037","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3641,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5523880.json","updb_database_id":5523880}
Orange, glowing objects x2, sighted within 20-30 mins. of each other in Northern IN 9/17/11

We were having a bonfire in our backyard on Saturday evening, 9/17/11 with family and friends (Northern Indiana). It was a clear night with many stars when I happened to look up and see an orange "fireball" flying overhead. I had initially just glanced up at the stars, but the object quickly got my attention. I quickly pointed it out to the rest of the group and we all observed it making it's way across the sky above us. It seemed to move in a straight path, was completely silent, and showed no trace of a "tail" or flames around it directly. It was a solid, glowing orange. I grabbed my camera to take some pics and got one. However, the detail in the photo is not good, but the "true" color comes thru nicely. We all watched the object as it moved towards the west (it traveled east to west as best as I can tell, as it was already almost directly over us when I noticed it). Hard to tell what size/distance it was...but definitely large....and definitely obvious to the naked eye. 

A short time later, maybe 20 mins or so, we saw it again (or one just like it). Same description as before. I once again pointed it out and everyone there observed it. I did snap a couple more pics, but once again, little detail but great color. When I pointed the object out initially, all of us started speculating what it could possibly be...a meteor? satellite? I came inside to check the news online to see if there was anything mentioned about a meteor shower or observable satellite in our area, but could find nothing. We live in an area about 100 miles southeast of Chicago, so we see a fair amount of air traffic...definitely not any of that, tho. I did observe a plane very shortly after one of the objects went by (can't remember which one) that seemed lower and with a different lighting pattern than the usual planes we see in our night skies. I think that was a plane, just a different type than we see normally. 

We are all still baffled and no one there could determine what it was for certain...but none of us had EVER seen anything like it before (age range of witnesses were 13-71). It caused some excitement for us all, but especially for me because the curiousity about what it was just wouldn't go away. I mentioned it on my Facebook status and only one other friend said she had seen something in the sky that night as well that matched my description while she was driving back from Purdue University to her home in Goshen, IN. She wanted to know what it was as well. The object, and the second one, eventually faded from our view as it travelled beyond our line of sight heading in a westward direction. 

Would really like to find out if there is an official explanation for what we saw because whatever it was it was stunning to see. Kept waiting all week to hear about it on the news or from other people that might have seen the object(s), but NOTHING has ever been mentioned...if you know what it is, please let me know.
