{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-08-23 19:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5489880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"69724","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":9856,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5489880.json","updb_database_id":5489880}
{jpg} Brief sighting in the sky while watching domestic flights-just before sunset

My girlfriend & I were both on our apartment balcony after eating dinner & running errands for the day. We were initially watching the skies to admire the sunset (clouds, colors, etc). However, where we live there is frequent and constant domestic aircraft flights (passenger-747 types) to & from the busy Phoenix airport (name unknown-new to area).

On this particular incident, an aircraft had caught my eye because of its drastic degree of incline. It was clearly coming from the airport & was on its departing flight gaining altitude. I pointed the commercial aircraft out to my girlfriend so she could observe the extreme degree at which the plane was ascending (I feel I should add I am a very observant person who would consider himself very intelligent, as well as VERY aware of his surroundings. Additionally, my girlfriend's entire family are pilots and she has numerous hours in the cockpit of smaller aircraft-just for credibility purposes). After observing the commercial aircraft for a handful of seconds during its extreme altitude climb, it started to bank towards us and began heading in a direction almost directly towards our location (the aircraft was initially inclining almost perfectly perpendicular to us-the airport is about 30-45 minutes by car from my location, but on the 3rd floor balcony facing the airports general direction I have a perfect view of the skies). Finally, after a few seconds now of the commercial airliner approaching us it was beginning to become larger in size, almost large enough to start noticing details on the craft...but not quite. It was still far enough away though that I even said this exact line to my girlfriend, "Isn't it funny how it looks like the plane is going so slow, even though it is really traveling at hundreds of miles-per-hour?" Just after this acknowledgement by both of us looking onward, at the ONLY aircraft in our visibility in the sky...

Another craft suddenly, if not SPONTANEOUSLY was shooting across the sky perpendicular to our view! It hadn't even registered in my mind while it was happening that I would have of course noticed this object earlier...if it was indeed visible to my eye...but it grabbed both of our (my & my girlfriend's) attentions. It completely grabbed our attention for TWO solid reasons: first, it of course seemed to come out of literally NOWHERE. Second, it was a brilliant bright reflection of the sun! It seemed to also be moving at a MUCH higher rate of speed than that of the commercial craft, but I can't be for certain (the UFO was moving right-to-left while the 747 was coming towards us). But still, IMMEDIATELY this VERY bright object that we didn't notice before was suddenly racing across the sky before our very eyes! All of this, of course, happened very suddenly. Within the first second of observation of the new craft my girlfriend and I both simultaneously exclaimed, "Oh my God! What is that!??" We have both had a couple "encounters" before so if there is such a thing as an experienced witness in these things, we might say we are such... I watched the craft for a second or two at the most (I wish I would have looked more intently to have a more detailed observation), but I ran inside to try & grab my binoculars to get a better look, while my girlfriend continued to look onward. Perhaps in my excited rush to find the binoculars I didn't focus enough on the object for the few seconds I saw it. My girlfriend continued to follow the object while I furiously searched inside the apartment for the binoculars so I could get an up-close look at this object! She said the craft had changed directions, but continued to appear to be moving VERY fast. However, when I hollered at her at my first failed attempt to locate the binoculars, when she looked back she had lost tracking of the object! I rushed out within seconds of that and searched the skies...but nothing. It had vanished just as suddenly as it had appeared. ...while the 747 came slowly lumbering overhead and out of view. But was I immediately noticed about the 747 was the dull color or shadows on it. The sun was already setting & we were looking right out towards the sun. So any aircraft that came by at that time (yes ALL of them cause I watched the skies for awhile after this incident) all were very dark in appearance.

So whether this craft was emitting an impressive brilliance of light, or was made of a material that was superbly reflective, it was clearly NOTHING like that of the usual domestic aircraft that frequents the skies in my neck of the woods. Needless to say, the event had us both worked up after seeing it. My girlfriend was much more animated than I was. I always stay level-headed, but I was also a little bummed that I couldn't get a better look at the craft, or see it with the binoculars too! I wish I would have just watched it as it shot across the sky, but as you guys know these incidents don't always last very long at all, but more than that, you NEVER know how YOU are going to react in these situations.

After the incident, my girlfriend & I talked about what had transpired. Again, we have had a few "incidents" ourselves in the past (her separately and us together on at least one other significant occasion-which I haven't written about yet...but will). We also watch the MUFON shows (which are truly FANTASTIC by the way-great job!! Honestly though, if it brings the TRUTH to us all, you guys should be recognized as HEROES). You guys know the significance of what you do. But especially the HELP you give people that really NEED it...and have NOBODY else or NOWHERE to go! Additionally, we do some research on our own whenever we can. Now I would hardly describe us as fanatical at all. I just want to give some background on the situation. However, each time we have encountered these situations, I try to actually disprove the notion of a UFO. I will try to ask questions like, "Maybe it was a different plane? Or those lights could have been from this...". I will even play devil's advocate if you will, just to try and make sense of the situation. However, in each of this extremely UNIQUE situations, that have RARELY ever happened, they are like NO OTHER experience I or my girlfriend have ever had. And they leave a LASTING impact on us for sure!

In summary, this was a very brief sighting, with very little details compared to others. However, with my skills observing the skies, my girlfriend's background, and just overall common-sense & knowledge of the world we live in, I can say: without a doubt, the craft we saw today was of extra-terrestrial origin. *A few last key details: after talking about the event with my girlfriend & trying to "breakdown" the event (I coach football & we "breakdown" film haha). But we sat and discussed the who's, what's, & why's. That's when it became apparent that this craft was most definitely NOT in the sky when we were first observing the skies because we would have EASILY saw it!...just as we did when it suddenly appeared with its brilliance of light & fantastic speed! My girlfriend though did say she actually saw a cloud appear (where the UFO manifested from), then suddenly it disappeared (or dissipated is a better word). I even asked my girlfriend if she was remember the event correctly (as we who are familiar know how poor eye witness accounts can actually be). But she stood firm, and was adamant that a small cloud actually appeared suddenly in the sky-which resulted in a UFO streaking across the sky...as the cloud from which it arose disappeared into the sky along with the UFO moving at a high rate of speed. Analyzing the situation a little bit more among ourselves afterward, I did not see said cloud form, but it definitely seems logical that the UFO manifested instantaneously (from a cloud-which could be a dimensional portal or time-related situation). Either way, the craft appeared suddenly and was completely different than anything else in the sky as we both yelled SIMULTANEOUSLY, "Oh my God!! What is that!??"

Sorry for the lengthy report on such a short observation. I wish I could add more. But I do feel strongly enough about this situation to officially report it to you guys so that its at least "out there" now. And perhaps its connected to something else...or is another puzzle piece in this giant mystery, helping us to finally see the whole picture! Thank you again to all of you for what you do. You are truly under-appreciated HEROES of the 21st century!! Unfortunately, there is still a VAST ammount of people who are so incredibly smart, that they know for a FACT that we are the ONLY living intelligent life in the ENTIRE universe! Lol. It's quite outlandish when you say it that way. Oh well, hopefully they wise up soon and start to open their minds..and more importantly their hearts to the law of love. Because Mother Earth is ready for her ascension to the next-level of consciousness!! She wants to take as many loving souls as possible with her to this beautiful time, but if she has to, she will leave the ones behind that are holding all of us back...for good! Thank you.

Love & Light,
"K" & his Twin-Flame
