{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1997-04-10 02:02:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5286880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"116502","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6757,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5286880.json","updb_database_id":5286880}
The first documentation other than what we talked about and drew that night. You know when it's this close and clear.

For many reasons, I know that details of this sighting will only lend themselves to the same scrutiny and dismissal(or that we imagined would be the case) familiar with sightings, and is ultimately what shaped our omission of much of this information to anyone outside the very inner circles of the family for over 20 years.

I would like to say(before I begin on this report), that when someone experiences something like our sighting, which was in stark contrast to the 10's of thousands of video's on numerous media outlets, you realize very quickly how fragile your sanity-is in public forums. The immediate feeling, or at least the immediate feeling after the sheer freaking-out for the 2 minutes or so of the sighting, through our deliberation afterward, was a feeling of complete and utter uselessness. .You can't tell anyone!We brainstormed those ideas at the time and ultimately decided it was something we could do NOTHING about. I cannot emphasize enough how this sighting has marred both my Father and I's views on religion, media, family and friends. It's a subject that we have preferred not to talk about. 

We initially documented sketches and the date, and still remember the event vividly, but some specifics, like the exact date, have been long forgotten and papers thrown away. It's the result of the futileness of an undoubtable life-changing sighting. 

What we saw was NOT a UFO. I have identified it. We did that night - as something that no human could have inhabited nor designed in 1997. A clear, stunning and close sighting of what was undoubtedly an Alien Craft.

We were out behind our Apartment complex next to the Lake. Do you remember the scene in one of the Rocky movies where one of the guys in the corner is frantically rubbing the head of another in the corner in excitement of what they were seeing in the ring? That's how it started. "Holy Shit, do you see that, tell me you see that", and it continued as we watched, and worried. the sighting was so clear as could be as to what it was, and so astonishing, that there will NEVER be any question, for us anyway, as to what we saw that night.

It was nighttime, but the residential lights around the area gives a soft glow to the dark night(North side of Coulmbus, in Dublin, about 1.5 miles north of 270 off Sawmill Rd. The craft approached from the East. It was dark metallic, but so close and very clear to see. It was the definition of dark gun-metal gray. It was relatively low in altitude. I'm no expert but if I had to make a guess I would put the altitude at 1000-2000 Feet. The craft was large. I don't know maybe 50 ft on each side of the triangle. In my head I imagine a Stealth Fighter wouldn't be quite as big. The triangle moved in a straight line nearly right above us(maybe 70deg angle). It was a perfect triangle, though it had slightly round corners. In each corner were perfect circles. It was so close and personal it was amazing. It traveled in in that straight line in a direction that one of the corners was pointed. In each corner there were lighter circles that appeared like a lighter gray cloud. It was a very clear distinction between thedark metallic surface of the craft, and the circles. The circles appeared to be swirling air in nature - like little swirling cloud-circles in each corner of the metallic craft. It stopped when it was about the closest it would come during the entire sighting. At that moment I remember a quip, that was in all seriousness, about whether we were about to be "beamed-up". Now, again it wasn't directly above us, but it was close to us. At that point, at it's clearest(although the entire sighting was very clear and concise). After stopping, hovering stationary without sound for approximately 10-20 seconds, the craft spun 90 degrees, started to move at the same slow rate as before, but this time right after it started to move, it accelerated at a rate that was truly astonishing, to a point of nothing. 

the entire sighting had no sound.

We ran inside. We were unbelievably excited. I remember we went from sketching the entire event to talking briefly about what do we do now", within a few minutes i think we both realized there was nothing we could do. Our sighting, which if it happened 20 years later with smart phones and night vision, would be the biggest media event in history, went down as absolutely nothing. I do remember seeing something in the media, as a I remember it 24-48 hours later, of 90+ sightings of a similar craft in Central and Northern Ohio. I have spent some time trying to find that article, but to no avail. The dates may be off, but hopefully I will find that article. It is about the only justification of that night, or I will just live with the penance of being one of "the crazies" that supposedly saw some dot in the distant sky. It definitely was not a dot. It was as clear as a person standing right in front of you.

That's ok. It doesn't change the realizations and realities that now exist for the both of us since the sighting. We look at everything in life a little differently now. We certainly don't talk about that night much, and almost never with anyone else in the room. It's a pretty shocking thing to live lives of trying to earn respect and be honest, and see the fruit of that spoil into meaningless in this context. Nothing, short of a perfect video of that evening would change anything, and perhaps even that wouldn't have. In 1997 we saw that we weren't alone in the universe. The physics of what that craft did were not human. No pressure suit of the time nor today imo, would have sustained a human life at the rate of acceleration we experienced, and the clarity of the craft, it's silence, it's hovering, and that zoom to a distant point have eliminated any other explanation for the two of us, and we have accepted the fact that it only matters to us.

I can't remember the last time the old man and I talked about it, at least in any detail, but I guarantee the old man will give you much of the same detail.
