{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-10-21 22:23:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"71773","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3141,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5487880.json","updb_database_id":5487880}
{rjl} Bright flash/pulse 10-15 seconds apart

Stepped in to the backyard to let the dogs out prior to bed. Was looking up at the moon and noticed a bright pulse of white light to the west of the moon. First impression was a possible small meteor or iridium flare from a satellite. About 10-15 seconds later, the flash occurred again slightly more east of the first. Continuing to watch, the flash occurred every 10-15 seconds with the movement from west to east for the first 2 minutes or so and was not consistent between each sighting. Further observation showed the light pulse change from an east to a more southern path. While watching, a passenger airline passed from west to east directly in the path of the object which was much higher as observed as the pulse of light occurred during the transit of the airliner.

Area is near a lot of small airports, Hartsfield Jackson/ATL International airport to my south, and Dobbins AFB (and Lockheed Martin) a few miles down the road. Air traffic earlier in the evening was heavy. 

This light pulse was viewed looking towards the city with several light sources from nearby houses, thus the attempt at recording the object using an iPhone 5S was unsuccessful and did not have my usual Nikon camera available. Video was attempted 2-3 minutes after first noticing the object and total recording of the video was over 4 minutes before the object moved too far south for me to view over houses and trees. Total viewing was 9-10 minutes and object did change directions from its original eastern path within the first few minutes of observation once it moved from the west of the moon to the east side.

No stranger to sky gazing and familiar with passenger and military configurations of light pulses along with frequent satellite viewing and iridium flares. This pulse was unusual and time between pulses does not fit airline strobes and landing lights. Object was also too high for conventional aircraft based on other air traffic in different altitudes also visible.

Light: Bright white flash/pulse, longer duration than typical aircraft pulses and duration between flashes was between 10-15 seconds. Time between each pulse was not always the same.
Size: Size of light as seen during each pulse was 3/4 that of Venus seen early morning.
Height: Unknown, but beyond conventional aircraft
Speed: Slow moving, distance traveled between each pulse was 3-5 degrees
Viewing angle: Looking SSW at moon roughly 25 degrees for first few minutes and 60 degrees at final sighting due south of position
