{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-04-14 11:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5513880","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"44373","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3804,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/880/mufon-5513880.json","updb_database_id":5513880}
{CAK} I seen a round Object silver and reflect, that disapeared and repeared at the park.

1. I was flying a kite across the street from my house with my girl friend and vary young son. I had kite in air playing for awhile about 15 to 20.

2. As I was flying the kite I notice the flash at me as if the sun bounced if this object in the air and hit me in the eye it was slightly to the right of kite and I said to my girl friend do you see that and at first I thought may be its a trash bag or something for the first few seconds but then I started to have a OMG moment and I said Kas do you see that then said yea and I was looking all around the park for other people and their was some people across the field and across the street working but I tried screaming at them but I could not get their attention. I know this was something not of our making not that I know of.

3. I first thought wth is that and I try to be rash so at first I thought it was a bag from a store cause I seen them get blown up like that but as it was it was moving it just stopped and was hovering. I seen these things on tv and I can point out the kind that I seen that was caught on tape man time those round metallic balls

4,5,6 The Object seemed to be spinning because the way this light kept shinning off of it you could 100% tell it was metallic and what came to my mine was mercy because when it was spinning some times seemed liquid like it would see minor shape changing as if it was liquid but IDK really but since that I had a fascination with mercury. I will even Polly graph for this this was not a blimp a weather balloon. I was so mad that I did not bring my camera because I was going to just to record my son. The Object started moving West then slightly NW then what blew my mind the thing just disappeared right in front of me. Now if we have Military Equipment that can do that I swear who do we need to worry about.

Now me and my girl friend was like omg what was that, that was crazy I mean we just saw something I really kinda believed could exist but I really never believe people be abducted and its thats still not their but you can say seeing is believing. But this story is not done a lady came out of no wear or at least it felt like it but apparently she started walking the track and we talking to her and told her what we saw and asked if she seen anything she said no I just got here. Well I thought about going to get my camera but I figure we get ready to rap it up but we started flying the kite again about 20 minutes later the Object appeared right in front of us again sightly sw to my location and I seen this with my own eyes because it    I had my kite in the line of site of the orb I started calling my girl and telling her to look again this time it simply ether reflected light from the spinning in to my eye so and then after about 3 seconds it disappeared and this time I ran home told my step father and grabbed my camera but it did not show. My Girl/wife seen it the first time but the 2nd sighting happened so fast Im not sure if she really seen it or says she did to please me. 

I think of trying to fly a kite again and seeing if this will happen again but who know
