{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2008-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5547545","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"15934","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3548,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/545/mufon-5547545.json","updb_database_id":5547545}
Strange shaped kite, flat, thin, metallic, flying just a few feet above creek.

My non-believer husband and a female neighbor saw this. I asked as many questions I could think of to get this description of the object and it's actions. It's like asking a caveman to describe a helicopter. I'll do the best I can. 

He and the neighbor's wife and two pet dogs had walked across the yard to overlook the creek. The area is completely wooded, with thick undergrowth, but the yard is up above overlooking Seiad Creek. Suddenly this "thing" appeard, they both saw it, and one of the dogs that also saw it barked at it. It acted as if it saw them, and immediately slipped into the thick trees and underbrush where my husband and this lady said it was "impossible!" to penetrate. She asked my husband, "Did you see that?" as if she couldn't believe what she saw. He confirmed that he had. Now, months later he is still reluctant to talk about. He simply doesn't know what he saw.

While the details were still in his mind I asked him for a detailed description. If you will try to follow....

I listened to his first description and decided to try to get a picture of it in my mind. I took three (3) 3"x5" card and laid them end to end. Then overlaped the second card about 1/2 inch over the end of the first card and did the same for the third card, overlapping the second card. Then moved the second card up about 1" above the first card, and moved the third card about 1" above the second card. He agreed that this was the shape. Only it was between 15 FEET and 20' long and maybe 8 to 10 feet high. It was thin, metallic looking, a grey-beige (platinum (sp?)color.

It was flying in a flat position over the creek, undulating, as it flew. When it seemed to see my husband and neighbor, and seemed to hear the dog bark and immediately turned to the left and WENT INTO that thick brush, which my husband said was "impossible."

My first thoughts were that it was some kind of recording instrument, that it was collecting information on the creek. Keep in mind, where we live it is a small town (350 people) along the Klamath River. There are approximately 10-15 houses max along the creek for the 5 miles of Seiad Creek Road. The creek does contain some gold. There used to be a platinum (got to look up the spelling of that word!) mine up above where the houses are. This is just a little thread of humans living among "Government Property". Something like 85 percent of land in Siskiyou County is in private hands.

I might as well mention also, that this is "bigfoot" area. Some people feel that somehow bigfoot and UFO's are connected. There are several stories told by "reliable" people of UFO's in this area. I'm one of those people who really, really don't want to see one. There are some memories that I just do not want on my memory bank, mainly bad vehicle accidents and UFO's. Just thought someone else should know about this.
