{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2010-08-03 21:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5530545","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"24931","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2580,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/545/mufon-5530545.json","updb_database_id":5530545}
1 object same as earlier reports low over house.

Last night my wife and I went outside in our back yard to see if there was a chance we could see the northern lights that the news had been talking about. I know I have made a lot of reports to MUFON since the 4th of July but we keep see these objects flying over our house. At 9pm I saw a light moving thru the tree in our front yard and as it came into view at the top of the tree I saw it was the same orangish hot metal looking object that we have seen in the past (4 on July 4th and 2 on July 23rd and maybe 6 from a differant view point on the 30th of July). I told my wife look there is another one. The object was about 500ft up coming from the west heading east.It looked to be about the size of a suv. As it came over the house this time it slowed and almost came to a stop. It then went stright up and got dimmer as it went up. It looked like it went up about 500 to 800 ft higher than it was. Again we could see a kind of see thru glowing grey sphere around the object and what looked like a disc shape inside. It then started moving east again and we watched it until we could not see it anymore. I took photo but I can not keep camera still so all you see is zig zag lines of light. I will keep trying when and if we see more. I don't know if this means anything but I felt fine before the sighting but right after sighting I had a need to go to the bathroom real fast and my stomach was knoted up for about a half hour after then I was fine my wife had no problems. We do not know what these things are or what they are doing but we seem to be seeing a lot of them. They do not seem to be of this world.
