{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1999-04-15 22:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5483545","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"76331","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3147,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/545/mufon-5483545.json","updb_database_id":5483545}
{cak} A friend and I were abducted and placed back in our respective beds/homes

I was 11 years old. I lived at the top of what was once a large hill that led to woodland. During 1998-1999 the housing development decided to cut down the woodland at the base of the hill at Avondale drive, in Avondale heights. I had made plans with a friend who lived about a half mile away from me to stay the night at his house. We decided we needed my n64 to properly veg out which was at my house down the hill then up the main drive. We set out on foot and the sun had been down for some time now. The neighborhood streets were empty aside from us. At the intersection of the two roads we saw what appeared to us as a light shining out from a rectangular object at the ground level at the bottom of the newly cleared clay land that was once woodland. I'd estimate that it was between 1.5 and 2 miles from us at this point. Honestly we both initially disregarded it as a construction light left on or a street lamp that had fallen over from all the heavy equipment moving about the area in the daytime. We didn't stop to contemplate this for more than a moment. We began to walk towards my front yard which was on the same side of the street as us some 50yds away. Once we reached the edge of my driveway we both just looked up at what I would describe as a dead silent, stationary, very bright light emitting from a rectangular object but did not cause any discomfort to my eyes. I felt like time had stopped in its tracks. It was easily larger than my home at its base and it was close enough to me that I could have thrown a stone and hit it yet I could not make out any detail aside from the white light. We both were completely terrified, more so than either of us had ever been before. We ran for my front door as if our lives depended on it but I don't recall ever opening it or entering my home. Neither one of us remembers what happened over the course of the rest of the night. I awoke after sunrise in my bed, feeling comfortable and not abnormal in any way. My friend who was with me at the time also woke up in his own bed a half mile away with no recollection of how he got there. We told everyone we knew immediately and got mixed responses. I'm now 29 and I tell this story to everyone I meet at some point or another. Until 2006 it was the only experience I could remember. I was not alone for my second abduction either although it was a different friend. Which took place in orlando in 2006 at a busy public place. Since then he is also a true believer.
