{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-03-13 20:15:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5452545","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"109096","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3567,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/545/mufon-5452545.json","updb_database_id":5452545}
In March my husband and I observed a stationary, silent ball of light in the sky.

In March my husband and I were returning on foot from our local Shoprite grocery store, which is within walking distance from our condo community. It was past 8 pm and as we approached our unit we observed a large stationary ball of bright light high in the sky. We also noticed that there was no sound whatsoever. 
This caught our attention as we live in the NYC suburbs and are in the flight path of Teterboro Airport and Newark International. JFK and La Guardia airports are also not so far from us. We often see and hear helicopters, private jets, military jets in addition to commercial airplanes. It's pretty busy air space over us. 
This sighting was not any of those aircraft we observe and hear near daily in daylight and at night. In fact this caught our attention because it was unlike anything we are used to seeing and hearing. 
The shape was round, slightly oval or may have changed shaped slightly. As my husband and I stared at one point I asked him did it change shape as I perceived a slight shape change then it appeared round again. The object was low enough that if it were a helicopter we would hear the typical chopper sounds but it was silent.
The object was stationary so certainly not a plane. We stood and observed for at least 10 minutes and this object didn't move or emit any sounds the entire time. It remained stationary the entire time not appearing to move or change location. The intensity of the light never changed, never wavered. 
We stood and stared and tried to attribute it to some type of aircraft that we know but could not. The object was already there when we came home, no idea how long it had been there before we saw it or how long it remained after we went inside. 
As we were both holding heavy grocery bags we eventually went in. We half joked that we were being observed by aliens as the COVID-19 situation worsened in our area. It's half joking because we both believe there is life beyond Earth but until now have never observed any evidence and don't actively seek to find such evidence. 
As a scientist I believe but have never witnessed anything so far. In fact I almost dismissed this sighting as such but the nagging feeling that has not left me since that this was not Earthly has pushed me to report what we saw. 
I became more sure that this was possibly not human made as about 3-4 weeks later I saw a documentary about the Brookhaven and Southhaven, NY UFO incident of 1992 where one of the witnesses that lived in the area also described a stationary, silent ball of light in the sky that remained for a long period of time. This made me reconsider that quite possibly we did see something that night that was a UFO and worth reporting. 
Long story short, my husband and I observed a bright ball of light in the night sky that was stationary and silent and neither of us could attribute this object to any known aircraft.
