{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2005-11-15 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524545","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31297","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2621,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/545/mufon-5524545.json","updb_database_id":5524545}
driving home from work, saw something that shocked me

I can remember very clearly what I saw. Unfortunately, it has been a number of years since it happened and I cannot remember the exact date. I do know it was around Christmas or Thanksgiving of 2005, and may have been in January of 2006. It was a very cold night, I had finished work late, as always, and was driving home around midnight. The place I worked was in Woodstock, VA. On that particular night I decided to drive down Route 11 rather than take I-81 to Toms Brook where I lived at the time. As I was driving I noticed an extremely bright pulsating light in the sky. Somehow it was different from anything I had seen before, I almost went off the road while staring at it. I then pulled off the road so I could watch. It was then that I noticed another pulsating light moving with the first that I had seen. I realized then that it was not two objects that I was seeing, but one. The pulsating lights seemed to be at the ends of something very long. I noticed that it was extremely large. It would turn in the sky, and then move closer. It was very long and thin, I have no idea as to the actual dimensions of the object, all I know is that it was very large. The lights were red and blue, and they pulsed very fast. I finally managed to get back into the truck and continue driving home, but never stopped watching the thing out the window of the truck. When I got home I rushed inside and got my brother to come out on the deck and see it as well. There we observed several of them in the sky. Since that night I find that I am constantly looking up in the night sky looking for what I saw. I have seen airplane lights and I know it is not the same. They were so bright and pulsed very fast. I just want to know if someone else saw it, and if there has ever been an explanation. I have not spoken to many people about it, but I hope someone out there knows what it is.
