{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-11-24 14:45:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5497545","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"61810","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4182,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/545/mufon-5497545.json","updb_database_id":5497545}
Im a phtographer and i was photographing an American kestrel, well when i was reviewing the photos the object appeared and disappeared in the same position within 14 frames.

The following event occurred in Culebra, Puerto Rico. In the large bay called Enseanada Honda, within it is a sub-bay called Fulladoza Bay. I was on a hill on the southwest side looking to the northeast. 

  Im a photographer and was shooting an American kestrel while the bird was hunting from a telephone pole. Its a fairly small bird, so even with a 300mm zoom lense, the falcon is pretty small. The falcon let me get within 40 feet where i was limited by a fence, so i kept shooting. The camera i have is an old Nikon D70s, but it does shoot quality photos. The falcon isnt moving, but her head is looking around for a kill. When that falcon takes off is the shot that im looking for, u know, wings spread in a dramatic fashion. In order to do this, the camera remains in focus and basically all i have to do is hold the button while the camera is blowing out shots like almost 3 per second. If u want a great shot, thats how u get it,now u know.

  I was pretty unhappy with the results because i knew i didnt get a great shot, but i went on to review my photos as the bird had already left. Also, i should mention there were no clouds at this particular time of day, which also makes for a rather boring photo. 

  Long story short, as was reviewing the shots, of which i took about 200 in a matter of 3 minutes from 2:42 pm - 2:45pm, i noticed an image appear and disappear within 14 frames in basically the same location. 

  From my standing point and according to the photo, the object appears to be hovering over the middle of Ensenada Honda. Right in the middle of the bay. 

  I should point out we do have an small aircraft airport which has flights leaving quite frequently, approx every 45 minutes.

  It is my opinion that this was not a plane, nor a helicopter, nor a bug. But look at the images yourself and decide. To me, as a photographer, this is an ufo hovering and disappearing in the same spot in the middle of an busy area.

  I am including the 14 images that show the object. U should look at image 170 and image 181. Or photo 2 with photo 5 the cropped of that image.Photo 7 with photo 10 the cropped of that image. Notice the head movement of the hawk as well as the time stamp on the properties of the copyrighted photos. And remember this is high speed shooting. This website couldnt allow more inbetween photos, but the relevant shots are there. U can figure it out.
