{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2000-10-01 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5479545","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"80543","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3117,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/545/mufon-5479545.json","updb_database_id":5479545}
{rjl} I was in my bed going to sleep- I heard foot steps outside my bedroom door, I was scared I could not move, I saw the grey alien standing by my bed, it pushed on my chest, I prayed in my head, it said no more telepathically then it was gone.

I was in my bedroom. I was laying on my back in my bed about to go to sleep. I was thinking about my upcoming wedding in a month. I had been married once before to a man who was abusive and I thought would if the man I was going to marry would be fine for a few years and then change? I then heard soft foot steps coming towards my room. I got scared because I realized I could not move at all, I was laying on my back. My dog was laying on his dog bed in front of my bed and I thought to myself I don't think my dog could move either. Then there was a typical gray alien standing beside my bed. It had the big dark slanted eyes, and a typical alien look with long arms and long skinny fingers. It pressed its finder into my chest. I was scared because I could not move. I prayed in my head asking God for help. Then the being said telepathically in my head "No more" and then it was no longer in my room with me. I laid there for a moment and realized I could move again. I was in shock and just rolled over and fell asleep not knowing what else to do. I did not tell anyone about it until later, I really have no proof just my memory of it.

Prior to this the fall of 1984 when I was in the 8th grade I was sleeping and remember seeing an owl outside my bedroom window. I lived in a trailer park and shared a room with my younger sister who was 1 year younger in Allendale, MI. I felt like I had an intimate encounter-it seemed to me like a boy I had a crush on came to me and we had intercourse. The next day I told a friend and how I felt like he came through the window and something happened. I remember after that I went swimming in the pool at the trailer park I lived in and looked at my belly like I thought maybe I was pregnant. Those are the only details I remember but alter felt it may have been an alien abduction or encounter. Wonder if they were harvesting eggs or something? I only had 1 child in my life and was not able to have more. I am a K-5 Art teacher with a BS and a MA. I am an educated and normal person. I wonder if I had abductions I do not remember?? Or if these things were sleep paralysis or dreams. But to me they seemed very real, the story above to me was an alien-some people said sleep paralysis or a demon, but to me still it was an alien.
