{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2020-11-02 08:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5289545","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"113811","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4008,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/545/mufon-5289545.json","updb_database_id":5289545}
A point of light appeared flew down, another point of light appeared, joimed it and they just took off like jumping to light speed

On the night before the election I was filming the moon and doing the little squishy thing you do with your finger and thumb look like they squish the a far away object (and silly comments too) Well after i pulled my hand down a point of light like a star appeared in front of a tree behind my neighbors house across the street. This star zoomed down, another starlike point of light appeared zoomed tword the first one, they merged and zipped off like the made the jump to light speed. And Id have never believed it with my own eyes had I not been recording it. I uploaded a copy to youtube but took it down because the quality conversion wasnt good. But on my phone if you watch the video you can plain as day see it. Im going to try to copy it to my computer and try to make a better copy. But I saw a two points of light appear out of nowhere, join together and zip of to god knows where...maybe the space between spaces.

Ill put a video up on here but it probably wont show it. I tried to upload to youtube and the conversion just didnt show it. Im going try and make a good larger enhanced copy. If youd like to contact me at [email address moved/cms/rjl] no weirdos please.I can try amd get you a better copy.

But ive also saw a fireball in the northeastern sky about two weeks ago exact date unknown, like a flaming circle that moved a bit in the sky and then just vanished into thin air. No sound no nothing. 

And I had one other sighting, my first was several years ago, exact date unknown, 2016 i believe on the Pinellas trail over near Bay Pines. I saw what looked like a butterfly wing the color of a hologram or aurora borealis. it flew south for about three seconds and vanished instantly after moving at an incredible rate of speed across the sky. I thought at first it was one of the spot light projectors that beam bright lights to advertise stores. But there was not a cloud in the sky.
And there was no way anything could have been projected it on as it was a clear cloudless sky and it was like 400 in the afternoon, no light would be that powerful to project an image on a cloud, and there were no clouds. That was the day I was convinced we are not alone in this universe and we are probably being watched buy some super advanced alien life form that looks at us like animals in a zoo. Lile Earth us a zoo they keepunder watch. 

But yeah in St. Petersburg Fl keep your eyes peeled day at night to the sky. There are strange things in the sky. Both day and night. Ive never seen any aircraft move that quick with that kind of color scheme shaped like a butterfly wing and then just vanish into thin air as it zoomed along. Almost like it just phased out. Thats the best way I can deacribe how I saw it move and leave.

So hopefully the vidro youll see it. Look above the house in the video not my hand holding the moon lol. If it doesnt load up a d you see nothing its just because the points of light were kinda dim..So hopefully you see. I.hping go now and try to make a better copy where you can see it for sure. If youre cool contact me amd ill try to get a good copy to you. 

Live long and prosper friends 🖖

---- Luke Starwalker
