{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2011-08-16 15:28:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5524212","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"31670","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":2407,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/212/mufon-5524212.json","updb_database_id":5524212}
White cyllinder with round ends, like barbell, materializes in blue sky and enters only cloud in desert with no egress

Driving from California to Las Vegas with family. About 3:30 pm daylight. I was the front passenger. Looking at the landscape/sky. I noticed a fibrous looking cloud with seven or eight of vertical trails, also cloudlike, going straight through the could. Looked odd. To the left of the cloud, which was by itself in the middle of the blue desert sky, was a horizontal trail leading straight into the cloud. No planes or anything in sight. As I am looking at this image, I see movement and think it is a plane,but as I looked closer, it was a completely white, barbell shaped ship that appeared and followed the horizontal line directly into this stand alone cloud. I watched the other side of the cloud to see if it came out, as I thought it looked so strange and I wanted to see it again to verify it was not a plane. No lights, no tail, just very white and not reflective but with two ball structures on either end of the cyllinder, very large and round -exactly like a dumbell only round on each end. This whole time the vertical and horizontal trails are still in the cloud. I then looked back at the left to the horizontal trail and as I am looking at it, ANOTHER "ship" appears out of nowhere, just materializes right before my eyes from blue sky, as it materialized you could see the shape before it became solid and then white, and it too then followed the same trail, entered the cluod with no egress. This whole process took about two minutes. No planes around or arriving after I saw this. Strange. I still do not believe what I saw and cannot explain it. Felt dumbfounded. Too embarrassed to tell anyone in vehicle what I saw...everyone was either sleeping-the children-or listening to I pod.
