{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-09-10 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5459212","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"102299","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3311,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/212/mufon-5459212.json","updb_database_id":5459212}
{cak} Orange orbs over tree tops

One orange orb was noticed over tree tops in wooded area when letting dog out to use restroom. I asked my wife “do you see that?” She replied “what is that?” It was hovering in place for about 10 seconds. The object came towards us and two more appeared from behind the tree line. The objects were not fixed together, the two in the back at first looked like one until they separated revealing a total of three. These orbs made not sound and moved at a fast pace. There was no object attached, it seemed to be just balls of light, almost like balls of neatly contained fire. The edges did not flicker. The orbs glowed consistently and the light did not change in the slightest as it moved forward before turning or after. 

They only came forward about 100-200 ft then sharply turned and accelerated, disappearing behind the tree line directly in front of our house. I went inside to get a camera and told my mother that something weird is flying around outside as I walked by. My mother went outside with my wife while I was getting my phone just in case it came back. When I walked out of the front door, they both stated “they came back, they were just here and they came close.” I started recording on my phone but the orbs never returned. 

A few minutes after the orbs last appeared, two white lights flew directly over head at the same altitude going in the same direction. The objects were far apart but seemed to be locked together. After that, two more lights at a lower altitude flew directly over us going in the same direction as the first two at the same angle. I say they were lower altitude because the lights were bigger and brighter than the first two and further apart. 

The orbs were a curiosity to me and I hoped to see them again. The lights directly overhead, while further away, gave me an ominous feeling that I care not to experience again. They could have easily been planes I suppose; however, these white lights appeared to be fixed together, far apart. They did not blink.

Right before the white lights overhead appeared, we heard rumbling like thunder for over a minute straight. This could have been thunder as we have heat lightning in GA. It could have been planes, something just seemed very foreign about them. 

I can write off the lights overhead as planes, I would not even bother to remember them if not for the orbs that we saw before them. The orbs were remarkable and they were unexplainable. I am grateful to have witnessed these things but we al left frustrated as I have researched for over a year to find an explanation of what I saw and the only things that come close are other sightings that have not been explained.
