{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2014-07-28 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5484212","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"75626","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3389,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/212/mufon-5484212.json","updb_database_id":5484212}
{nd} Saw classic flying saucer. But the color was red instead of metallic.

This is the second UFO that I have seen, occurring a month after the viewing of the flotilla on June 6, 2014.in Canonsburg and McMurray, PA. This time it was July 28, 2014 in Greene County, PA near the town of Clarksville, PA. I heard a noise like the sound of an airplane and one of the dogs was barking--the outside dog. I had two other dogs in the bedroom with me that were not barking during the whole episode. I was lying in bed and saw the classic UFO in the sky outside of the bedroom window. It was between 11:30 p.m. and 12:15 a.m. It was coming in close over my sister's farm. I was alone in the house by myself at the time, and the neighbors were not close, as two abandoned houses are the homes next to my sister's home. The UFO was fascinating to me because it was all lit up in red lights. The dome was all one red light and the rim of the saucer was made up of red segmented lights. I rebuked it in Jesus' name and it went back up in the air. It made a small circle in the air flying again low to the ground. This time it was only several yards in the air. The saucer turned on a white search light near my car as if it were trying to land on the driveway, which is on a hill. There wasn't much room to land a flying saucer that size with the trees and cars that were there. The search light came on, and I saw how close it was to landing. I rebuked it sternly in Jesus' name, as I am a a Christian and have followed L.A. Marzulli's advice to rebuke and have nothing to do with aliens; because I agree with L.A. that they are demonic or fallen angels creatures from another dimension. And the UFO left, never to return. Some interesting information: My sister owns cattle, but the cattle were left alone that night. She also has three dogs: two were inside with me, but they did not bark. Only the outside dog barked at the UFO. I was in the middle of reading Jim Marrs's ALIEN AGENDA earlier in the day, when this happened to me. I had also had had a bad day spiritually. Actually, I was at my wit's end with spiritual and worldly problems, and was ready to abandon Christianity altogether earlier that day. Prior to seeing the UFO that evening, I had just spent hours, and I mean hours in prayer; so I was right with God so to speak and prayed up when that UFO nearly touched down outside my sister's home not knowing I was there. She and her family are not Christians. Nor do I know whether or not the aliens were planning on paying me a visit, and did not know that I had just restored broken fellowship with the Lord that evening. It was quite a sobering experience to me, and showed me the value of a close relationship with the Lord at all times and the believer's authority over these creatures.
