{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"1987-08-08 23:30:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5487212","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"72457","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":7502,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/212/mufon-5487212.json","updb_database_id":5487212}
A moving star like light came into veiw then stopped. Then another appeared from behind and passed the first. Multiple direcection and speed changes chased each other throughout the sky

My sighting occurred during my summer school Holidays f I recall correct an early weekend in August 1987.

My mother and my step father had recently separated. My mother, brother and I had moved about 45 minutes away for a new start. 

My stepfather also had to change his residence to another farm house in the local area.

It had been agreed that I would go and stay with my stepfather and help him with the move.

We had spent around 5 years living at Thimbleby Cottage, St Marks Road, Holbeach St Matthew. Lincs. PE12 8EQ

Our house was situated pretty much in the middle of nowhere in the Holbeach fens, and pretty much one of the last occupied houses before the RAF Holbeach Bombing range.

The RAF Holbeach bombing range was used most week days for RAF and USAF bombing and gun range exercise and practice.

At this time in my life of was 12 years old and really wanted to join the Airforce and dreamed of being a pilot as most kids do.

But because where we lived the sound of military aircraft was an absolute constant in our lives.
And as a child my younger brother and I who both played outside every minute we were not in school (one TV, no home phone and no video games in our house back then) We would play a game to identify every aircraft bombing on the range by sound alone.

Now when you hear these thing daily, it becomes easier than you think to tell the difference between the planes in service at that time.

Planes heard on a daily basis were

A10 Thunderbolt USAF(distinct turbine engine and cannon burst) best sound in the sky as kids... a real gun, and amusing at times as boys.

F111 USAF swing wing bomber (was quite modern at the time)

Tornado IDS RAF Bomber
F4 Phantom RAF
Harrier  RAF
Jaguar  RAF

We even saw the Vulcan training before the Falklands (last combat service)

I aslo rember walking home from school when i was just 7 years old I saw a plane crash on the range in 1981.

The reason i say all this is when you are living out there there are no hills, its the one of the flattest and most un-populated places in the uk. No street lights, few buildings, and the highest structures are trees.

So at night it is pitch black and nothing but sky, and the stars are so clear and bright. 

And again as kids living with this sky we were taught what was in the sky with regard to planets and constellations etc.

So even as kids we knew the night sky... as stunning as it was i gather it would be heavily restricted airspace.

You would on occasion see and hear other high flying aircraft at night, but you could hear the rumble and see the very distinct strobe lights.

On the night in question we had just returned from Bemrose farm about 2-3 miles away back to Thimbleby cottage late in the evening. I recall the time would be between 11pm and midnight.

We pulled into our driveway infront of our detached garage.

I would always look up at the stars on a clear night, and muse over the milky way, and look for the familiar shapes and dots of light in the sky.

I had never previously seen anything before I couldn't explain away. I would often see shooting stars, the occasional satellite, the planets etc.

But nothing different.

But this night as I look up into the sky i saw a single light that looked like a star, high in the sky moving from behind my left shoulder side. I was facing the house, so i was roughly stood facing north.

I remember pointing it out to my step father, who found it in the sky and stood and watched.

after maybe 15-20 seconds another light appeared behind it and following it.
The second light seemed to be moving slightly quicker and i expected to see the second light pass the first light. 
This in itself was quite unusual to see two lights or stars at the same time, but it could have been two object illuminated in low space orbit or higher and lit by the sun.

But i was amazed as the first light just stopped moving.
The second light then very closely passed the first. Maybe 2-3 seconds later the first light set off after the second. I was in awe at what i was seeing. I asked if my Step father was seeing what I was seeing, which he confirmed. then the two lights started making sharp turns without any visible reduction in speed. The two lights then spent several minutes chasing each other across the sky (the nearest way i could describe it was when two Butterflies chase each other).

We continued to watch this until we could see them no longer. it may have been 10mins, 15mins, or 20mins.

I asked my stepdad what he thought he had seen, and he said as I did UFO.

We knew by definition they were Unidentified Flying Objects.

But we didn't jump to any conclusions.
However with my interest in space because of living under the sky as we did, in my opinion it is ridiculous to think we are the only object with life suspended in space.
Although i didn't jump to the Alien conclusion either.
All I know is the two objects that I watch for a significant period of time were high altitude, intelligently controlled, moving at speeds and making direction changes and maneuvers relative to each other that no known aircraft to the public could make back then nearly 30 years ago, and still cannot today.

I don't know what they were, but I know they were no illusion or light anomaly. 
They were not any civil nor military aircraft known of the time, nor any of the stealth projects that even back then we knew about.
Those flight characteristics are no possible with wing and airflow.

Since this time I have been fascinated with anything like this.
However I have never been suckered into many of the sightings that I myself can debunk and identify, which include many televised videos and and pictures. So many objects, especially anything in the sky that appears luminescent is all too often wrongly labelled.
I watch them all, and frown at too many.

All I know is what i saw that night can not be dismissed as misidentification, it can only be one of two things.
Extra terrestrial craft flying above or in our atmosphere, or highly advanced military technology being tested over the bombing range in military airspace. I could only hazard a guess to where we got the technology if it is ours. But I saw them.

I have carried these memories as clear as day with me all this time.
I didn't report it at the time as i had many other more important things happening in my life. in the years shortly after i was in the Air Training Corp (Air Cadets). Basically for teenagers wanting to join the RAF.
And talking like this was not a good idea.

As it happens my life took a different direction. 
It was just time for me to record what I saw.
