{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2016-08-21 23:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5455212","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"106400","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":3010,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/212/mufon-5455212.json","updb_database_id":5455212}
{rjl} At 1st thought it was a satellite but then it made a right hand turn then more appeared

On the night of August 21st 2016, shortly after my boys mother picked them up, my girlfriend at the time and I were sitting on the back deck to my apartment. It was a warm partly cloudy night where you could see patches of stars lasting for a few minutes to a few seconds scattered about. I cant recall where the moon was or phase but it wasnt bright. Now one of hobbies is goofing around with my stargazer apps with my phone. I am an amateur astronomer, own a 2 modest telescopes, got space exploration and astronomy merit badges in scouts, and had a 100 average in an astronomy elective my senior year so Id like think I usually have a good idea of I'm looking at in the sky. So while playing around I saw straight up overhead in the sky what I assumed was a satellite. See em all the time, even a space shuttle around once. After watching it for about a minute or so it abruptly made a right turn towards the south (it was going west). It wasn't a gradual turn either. It was a hard,fast, 90 degree turn. Totally caught me off guard. Then suddenly more started to gradually appear that all seemed to just be turning and flying all over a good portion of the sky. They were moving too fast too count but easily over a dozen. This lasted for about 2 to 2 and a half minutes until the clouds covered them up. I mistook it for a satellite so that gives a good idea of the brightness and color and maybe distance as well. I do live a few miles of an airport and I actually was able to speak to someone at the tower but they had no record of anything. I tried to film it with my phone but it was up to high for a cell camera to catch anything. We did file a police report the following morning. I also spoke with a radio host from Seattle that stated there was a similar report from Williamsville NY that night but I really didnt appreciate the way he talked to people. If any manmade object can make a turn that sharp, at that speed, so high up, its definately top secret. Honestly if ya added lasers to the scene it would have probably liked a scene from Star Wars lol. I'm not saying it was aliens or something but I have no explination and have also heard of similar reports on all media sooo.. just figured youd like to know even though its a few years and I dont have a video.At least 2 people saw them though, possibly more.
