{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2018-05-29 23:20:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5468212","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"92389","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":6541,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/212/mufon-5468212.json","updb_database_id":5468212}
{td} Starlike object where Vega should be with insect movement

This sighting started before I went to work. It was May 29th, 2018 around 11:20pm. I went outside to check out the sky. I went to my usual spot, back area of our rocky driveway, cause its nice and dark back there. It was a very clear night and the moon looked almost full. It was probably 95% full. While looking up at about 80 degrees toward the South-East (slightly more East) direction in the , several degrees to the left of the moon, I saw a flash of light in my peripheral vision. I looked to where it was but the object was no longer bright. I looked at the stars in the general area where the flash was and then saw a dim star moving around slightly. Reminded me of an insect in how it moved. It hovered but would randomly "shutter" around. I believe it was the Lyra constellation. The moving object made a "triangle" type shape with the surrounding stars, as if it were its own constellation itself. There were two dim stars below it and then the "top" of this implied pyramid was the moving star. I noticed that it was very dim as well, as dim as the stars below it but would randomly brighten up a little. 

I then saw in my peripheral vision another flash. I looked to my left, toward the North-East direction at about 70 degree angle and saw another UFO. It was dim but still brighter than the stars around it. It would randomly move around like the other object but not as much.

I turned my head back toward the South-East at the first object. I went to charge my video camera in hoping of catching the movement. After it charged for about 10min, I tried to record the object but it was too dim for my video camera to pick up. I watched the object for about 25mins. Around 11:45pm, I went to my backyard area and faced toward the North-East. I saw a bright orange object cross the sky at a cruising speed (not that fast). It was bright orange for about 10 seconds then dimmed to look like all the other dim stars around it. I figured it was a satellite with sunlight gleaming off it but it was unusual anyway. I didnt think much of it since it was likely a satellite, but was interesting to watch. At around 11:55pm, I went inside my house to make some food for myself before I left for work. I was late for work about 9mins due to me observing these two moving objects.

At around 2:11am, I went outside to observe the object again. This turned out to be the best sighting of the whole night. I went outside to the grassy area in front of my place of work, near two large pine trees. Its dark in that area, which is perfect for star-gazing. Night was still very clear like before at my house. My head was pointed up at about 90 degrees and slightly toward the South-East direction. I held the back of my head with my hand to make it easier to tilt my head back for observation. As before, there was an implied "triangle" shape with the object and its surrounding stars. Bright object at the top of the two dim stars below it, making a equilateral triangle shape (if u were to connect the stars with a line). The color of the object bright bluish-white with a little orange mixed in. According to my planetarium program and the position of the object during this time of night, this bright object was Vega. But its movements suggested otherwise. Like before at 11:20pm, the movement was like an insect, switching from motionless hovering to subtle horizontal movement which was erratic while still hovering vertically. After watching, I figured it might be a trick of the eyes or the atmosphere, so I decided to lay down in the grass as well as give my hand a break from holding my head. I laid in the grass, with my body facing down the center of the implied triangle shape of the stars and the object, to get the best "geometric" view of this implied triangle shape. I figured this would steady my head completely. What I observed was very strange. The bright object would still move around randomly then stop, stay motionless then go back to the insect-like erratic movement, like small figure-8s and other random "jumpy" movements, almost jellyfish like. Occasionally the brightness of the object would increase, typically during one of these subtle erratic movements. It never changed altitude, only moving slightly around horizontally while keeping a steady hover. At one point, it moved in a small diagonal line from the top-right to the bottom-left. It seemed to be "pulled" by the bottom left star and was "fighting" a force that came from the bottom left star as it tried to move in opposite direction away from it. At least, that what it appeared like. I watched as this implied triangle changed shape, from equilateral to having a more "squished" appearance, meaning the top moving object moved toward the center of the implied triangle. In comparison to the two lower stars, those two dim stars did not move. They were perfectly still. Im glad those stars were right there, it made it easier to see any actual movement with the bright star-like object (versus perceived movement from looking at a bright object in the dark). Only the bright object above moved, with insect-like erratic random, subtle movements. I laid on the ground for about 20minutes looking at it. I was past due on my work break, so I got up and went back to work.

Last sighting was around 4:54am. I was on my lunch break and decided to check out the object again. Went outside and saw what could have been this object and its where Vega is positioned at that time of the morning, at an 85 degree angle toward the West. Sunrise had started but I could still see some bright stars. Just a few thou. One was this object, or it was in the same position as the object I saw at 2:11am. I could see subtle movements but couldnt be sure if it was an illusion since the dim stars that were there before were gone (due to the sunlight). And thats the last time I looked at it.
