{"collection":"UPDB-MUFON","document_date":"2015-06-25 00:00:00","document_id":"updb-mufon-report-5492212","engine":"structured-database-extract","engine_mode":"database-report","mufon_id":"67337","provenance_url":"https://archive.org/details/phenomenon.sql","schema":"ufo-files-archive-ocr/v1","source_bytes":4290,"source_file":"UPDB-MUFON/extracted/documents/212/mufon-5492212.json","updb_database_id":5492212}
{jpg} Sphrical, silent and rotating. vanishes and appears in a second but somewhere further away or just different.

Twenty minutes previous to the sighting, I was out on my back deck which faces west. I was out there summoning as I do every other day or so. Once again I saw nothing. I went into the house and noticed a missed call from my brother.. I called we spoke briefly .. Only 2 minutes or so. We hung up and I went over to the couch in our living room on the first floor of the home and I sat down. As I'm waiting for everything to load up so that I could play PlayStation boxing, something told me to look out towards the window in the foyer area of the house, it's one of the smallest viewing windows on the property and is half covered by a diamond shaped curtain. When I looked up, I noticed a very brilliant violet colored light moving smoothly through the sky from the south, moving in our direction which would be a direct north heading. I called my wife Erin from upstairs so that she could see what I was seeing. It didn't take long, as the window is located at the bottom of the stairs. Her reaction was similar to mine.. basically saying "wtf?" again and again. At this time, the object makes a smooth transition to a western heading while maintaining what appears to be the same slow steady speed. I start saying to my wife "I've gotta go out back and see this thing.. wtf is it? I thought she would be hot on my heels but as I got to the back door I looked back for her and she wasn't there. She had stopped off for the video recorder. When I first noticed it, I thought maybe a ufo? And started yelling for my wife to come quick before it's gone. The actions observed by myself were, very brilliant violet lights most beautiful clean looking light I've ever seen there was no sound whatsoever. It moved with ease, no effort.. it's light seemed to go on and off randomly.I observed this object vanish only to reappear in the blink of an eye, but in a different location.. I saw it just above the trees and it looked like a globe with a light in it. Some other things it did include.. flying forward then backward.. it changed speeds and went dark but was still viewable. One thing in particular though, was the fact that I was filming in (Black and White mode). There is a shot when u can actually see violet or red when the craft rotates.. it's earlier in the video as it moves above the trees furthest to the right. When I saw it I was excited and anxious. I went to the back to step out for a better look and that's just what I got.. So good of a clear look that I didn't immediately go outside, I kind of got scared and froze, hanging half in half out of the deck door until Erin approached from behind with the camera and I wasn't alone, is when I stepped out and started to shoot. I had a range of emotions during and after. After I felt like I wanted more contact, felt almost certain there would be and more regularly. I felt angry, because I know we are not being told the truth. I felt that we saw a ufo or something supernatural. I lost sight of it because it juked me outta my shoes, just saying that it moved in way as to cause me to lose sight of it. As I'm filming the last couple seconds of footage, I observe the object get kind of fat and blurry and then it was gone. Since then I've watched the video and now know what happened. It made a move to the right as if it was gong to fly out view, so I'm thinking it's gone, but no, it just vanished for a second then reappeared in the same spot but reversing direction and going left.. I couldn't keep up.. it lost me
